<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.16
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>a2041744zex-10_16.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.16
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.16

                               AMENDED & RESTATED
                                MMC CAPITAL, INC.
                            LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN
                           DATED AS OF MARCH 19, 2001

I.       STATEMENT OF PURPOSE

         The purpose of the MMC Capital, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan (the
         "LTIP") is to attract, retain and motivate key employees and
         consultants of MMC Capital, Inc. ("MMC Capital") and affiliates of MMC
         Capital to originate, structure and manage insurance and related
         industry investments by allowing them to participate in the
         profitability of such investments.

II.      CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

         (a)      CAUSE shall mean "Cause" as defined in a Participant's
                  employment, consulting or other written agreement with MMC or
                  MMC Capital or, in the absence of any such agreement, (1) the
                  conviction for any felony, (2) willful malfeasance or gross
                  negligence in the performance of duties, (3) misconduct that
                  causes actual material injury to MMC or any of its affiliates,
                  or (4) prior to a Change in Control of MMC or Change in
                  Control of MMC Capital (in each case, as defined in Paragraphs
                  VI(b) and (c)) , the continued and substantial failure to
                  perform duties consistent with a Participant's position and
                  responsibilities within 60 days after notice of such failure
                  being given.

         (b)      DISABILITY shall mean total disability as defined in a
                  Participant's employment, consulting or other written
                  agreement with MMC or MMC Capital or, in the absence of such
                  an agreement, as defined in the MMC benefits program.

         (c)      EXCEPTION GRANT PAYMENT shall mean an additional Grant
                  Payment, which is not otherwise provided for in the applicable
                  Grant.

         (d)      GRANT shall mean the right to receive a payment of an amount
                  determined by reference to one or more Incentive Pools.
<PAGE>

         (e)      FEE INCOME shall mean fees received by MMC Capital, including
                  investment banking fees, monitoring fees, break-up fees,
                  directors fees, advisory fees and other similar fees, less the
                  amount of any offsets required for the benefit of partnerships
                  managed by MMC Capital relating to the receipt of such fees
                  and net of any unreimbursed expenses incurred by MMC Capital
                  in earning such fees (e.g., travel expenses, outside counsel
                  fees, auditors and actuaries fees, etc.), but excluding any
                  fees paid by affiliates of MMC Capital (i.e., MMC companies
                  not portfolio companies) unless otherwise approved by MMC.

         (f)      GRANT PAYMENT shall mean a payment made with respect to a
                  Grant.

         (g)      GROSS PROFITS shall mean, with respect to each MMRCH
                  Designated Investment (as defined in Paragraph II(h) (2)
                  (aa)), the sum (whether positive or negative) of all: (1)
                  pre-tax gains realized upon the sale of such investment, (2)
                  pre-tax distributions of dividends, interest, or other
                  distributions (including break-up fees) received in respect of
                  the investment except to the extent included in the Fee Income
                  Incentive Pool, (3) pre-tax losses realized upon the sale of
                  such investment, and (4) pre-tax write-downs of such
                  investment (decreases in value which have been determined to
                  be other than temporary in accordance with Generally Accepted
                  Accounting Principles as reflected in the consolidated
                  financial statements of Marsh & McLennan Risk Capital
                  Holdings, Ltd. ("MMRCH")). In the event a MMRCH Designated
                  Investment is held indefinitely and determined to be a
                  strategic investment, as agreed upon by the LTIP Committee and
                  MMC, the applicable Valuation Date and Gross Profits shall be
                  determined, in good faith, by the LTIP Committee and MMC.

         (h)      INCENTIVE POOL shall mean the aggregate amounts realized in
                  cash and, accordingly, available for distribution as Grant
                  Payments and Exception Grant Payments to Participants,
                  determined separately solely for The Trident Partnership,


                                       2
<PAGE>

                  L.P. ("Trident"), MMRCH, Risk Capital Reinsurance Company
                  ("RCRe") and any Fee Income received by MMC Capital, as
                  follows:

                  (1)      Trident Incentive Pool -50% of the Trident Carry for
                           the applicable Realization Period;

                  (2)      MMRCH Incentive Pool -the sum of (aa) 50% of 20%
                           (i.e., 10%) of Gross Profits realized in cash by
                           MMRCH during the applicable Realization Period with
                           respect to the investments to be set forth in a
                           schedule of the MMRCH Incentive Pool, as amended from
                           time to time (the "MMRCH Designated Investments");
                           and (bb) 50% of pre-tax gains realized by MMRCH for
                           the applicable Realization Period from (i) the sale
                           of shares of common stock, $.01 par value per share,
                           of Arch Capital Holdings, Inc. ("Arch Capital
                           Holdings"), received upon the exercise of any Class A
                           or Class B warrants, in each case to be set forth in
                           a schedule of the MMRCH Incentive Pool, owned by
                           MMRCH (the cost basis of the Class B warrants shall
                           be $7.007 per share plus the exercise price per share
                           of such warrants) and (ii) the sale of such Class A
                           or Class B warrants; and

                  (3)      RCRe Fee Incentive Pool -50% of the excess of (A)
                           fees received by MMC Capital during the applicable
                           Realization Period pursuant to the Investment
                           Advisory Agreement dated September 19, 1995, between
                           RCRe and MMC Capital (the "7.5% Fees"), with respect
                           to investments made during the term of such
                           agreement, to be set forth in a schedule of the RCRe
                           Fee Incentive Pool, as amended from time to, time
                           (the "RCRe Designated Investments"), over (B) any
                           amounts payable to Robert Clements with respect to
                           1998 and 2000 with respect to such 7.5% Fees under
                           the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement,
                           effective as of December 31, 1993, between MMC
                           Capital and Robert Clements, as such agreement may be
                           amended from time to time.


                                       3
<PAGE>

                  (4)      Fee Income Incentive Pool - 50% of Fee Income
                           received by MMC Capital during the applicable
                           Realization Period arising out of (i) the other
                           incentive pools described herein, (ii) other existing
                           or new investments managed by MMC Capital, or (iii)
                           other fees (net of any offsets deemed appropriate) as
                           might be considered and approved by MMC.

                  The computation of amounts available for distribution with
                  respect to an Incentive Pool as of the applicable Realization
                  Date (or Valuation Date, if earlier) shall be made available
                  by MMC Capital to MMC for review and, if deemed appropriate,
                  confirmation by MMC's independent auditors.

         (i)      LTIP Committee shall mean a committee with authority to
                  administer the LTIP, initially comprised of the following
                  individuals: Jeffrey W. Greenberg, Robert Clements, Stephen
                  Friedman and Charles A. Davis. The appointment of any
                  additional or successor members to the LTIP Committee shall be
                  subject to approval by the MMC Compensation Committee.
                  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the MMC Compensation Committee
                  shall serve as the LTIP Committee with respect to employees or
                  consultants of MMC Capital who either (1) are members of the
                  MMC Partners Group or (2) are or were members of the LTIP
                  Committee. In the event of a deadlock on any matter submitted
                  to the LTIP Committee, the composition of the LTIP Committee
                  will be expanded (solely for purposes of resolving such
                  matter) by the appointment of an additional member selected by
                  MMC.

         (j)      MMC shall mean Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc.

         (k)      MMC COMPENSATION COMMITTEE shall mean the Compensation
                  Committee of the Board of Directors of MMC.

         (l)      MMC PARTNERS GROUP shall mean the Partners Group of MMC, as
                  then constituted.


                                       4
<PAGE>

         (m)      PARTICIPANT shall mean an employee or consultant of MMC
                  Capital selected by the LTIP Committee for participation in
                  the LTIP.

         (n)      REALIZATION DATE shall mean the end of each calendar quarter
                  during which there occurred an increase in amounts realized in
                  cash with respect to (or, in the discretion of the LTIP
                  Committee, otherwise distributable from) an Incentive Pool, or
                  any earlier date selected by the LTIP Committee within such
                  calendar quarter.

         (o)      REALIZATION PERIOD shall mean a period commencing on the later
                  of the next preceding Realization Date, and, with respect to
                  the Trident Incentive Pool, the date of formation of Trident
                  (i.e., 11/93); with respect to the MMRCH Incentive Pool, the
                  date indicated on the schedule of the MMRCH Incentive Pool
                  with respect to the applicable MMRCH Designated Investment or
                  the date of formation of Risk Capital Holdings (i.e., 3/95),
                  as applicable; and with respect to the RCRe Fee Incentive
                  Pool, the date indicated on the schedule of the RCRe Fee
                  Incentive Pool with respect to the applicable RCRe Designated
                  Investment, and ending on any Realization Date or Valuation
                  Date, as applicable; and with respect to the Fee Income
                  Incentive Pool, January 1, 2000.

         (p)      RETIREMENT shall mean "Retirement" as defined in a
                  Participant's employment, consulting or other written
                  agreement with MMC or MMC Capital or, in the absence of such
                  an agreement, a termination of a Participant's employment or
                  service following the date the Participant attains age 65 or
                  higher with five or more years of service with MMC or any of
                  its affiliates or, subject to approval by the board of
                  directors of MMC Capital, an earlier termination of
                  employment.

         (q)      TRIDENT CARRY shall mean the sum of:

                  (1)      the advisor's fee received by MMC Capital from
                           Trident; and


                                       5
<PAGE>

                  (2)      special limited partner distributions to MMRCH (after
                           giving effect to any repayment to Trident resulting
                           from a "claw-back").

         (r)      VALUATION DATE with respect to an investment shall mean the
                  earliest of (1) with respect to a MMRCH Designated Investment
                  only, the tenth anniversary of the date such investment was
                  originally made, (2) the fifth anniversary of the date of
                  termination of MMC Capital as investment advisor with respect
                  to such investment, or (3) the fifth anniversary of the date
                  of termination of the LTIP.

III.     GRANTS

         (a)      The original Grant (the "Original Grant") to each Participant
                  shall be determined by reference to some or all of the
                  following: a subset of the Trident Incentive Pool, which for
                  this purpose may also include limited partner distributions to
                  MMRCH in excess of the cumulative preferential return,
                  determined pursuant to the applicable agreement (after giving
                  effect to any repayment to Trident resulting from a
                  "clawback") (a "Trident Pool Subset"), certain MMRCH
                  Designated Investments, and certain RCRe Designated
                  Investments, in each case stated as a percentage (the
                  "Individual Carry Percentage"). Each Participant may be
                  awarded additional Grants with respect to existing Incentive
                  Pools or new investments in such Incentive Pools.

         (b)      The sum of all Grant Payments and Exception Grant Payments
                  with respect to the Grants relating to a particular Incentive
                  Pool shall not exceed the aggregate amount available for
                  distribution with respect to such Incentive Pool.

         (c)      Unless otherwise provided in a Participant's employment,
                  consulting or other written agreement with MMC or MMC Capital,
                  Grants shall vest in accordance with a vesting schedule set
                  forth in the applicable Grant, and Grant Payments shall be
                  made in accordance with a Grant Payment schedule set forth in
                  the applicable Grant. Unless otherwise provided in a
                  Participant's employment,


                                       6
<PAGE>

                  consulting or other written agreement with MMC or MMC Capital,
                  the vesting and Grant Payment schedule with respect to the
                  Original Grants is set forth in Exhibit A.

         (d)      In the event a Participant incurs an income tax liability
                  relating to a Grant upon a Realization Date (or Valuation
                  Date, if earlier) and the related Grant Payment is not then
                  due to be made to the Participant, the LTIP Committee may
                  authorize prepayment of a portion of such Grant Payment equal
                  to the income tax liability. The amount of any such prepayment
                  shall be subtracted from the Grant Payment when made or, if
                  the Grant is forfeited and no such Grant Payment is due, the
                  prepayment shall be repaid by the Participant upon the
                  Participant's termination of employment.

         (e)      After the date of a Grant, the terms of the Grant shall not be
                  amended adversely for any Participant.

IV.      GRANT PAYMENTS AND EXCEPTION GRANT PAYMENTS

         (a)      Grant Payments shall be made to Participants as set forth In
                  this Paragraph IV, except as otherwise provided in a
                  Participant's employment, consulting or other written
                  agreement with MMC or MMC Capital, or as otherwise determined
                  by the LTIP Committee.

         (b)      Grant Payments shall be made, subject to the applicable
                  vesting and Grant Payment schedule, as soon as reasonably
                  practicable after the end of each calendar quarter in which a
                  Realization Date or Valuation Date occurs. A Participant's
                  Grant Payment with respect to a Realization Date (or Valuation
                  Date, if earlier) shall be determined by the LTIP Committee.
                  With respect to an Original Grant, a Participant's Grant
                  Payments (in all cases subject to the applicable vesting and
                  Grant Payment schedule and to the limitations of Paragraph
                  III(b)) shall not be less than the Grant Payments determined
                  as follows:

                  (1)      With respect to the Trident Incentive Pool, the Grant
                           Payment shall not be less than the


                                       7
<PAGE>

                           product of the Participant's Individual Carry
                           Percentage with respect to the applicable Trident
                           Pool Subset, and such Trident Pool Subset;

                  (2)      With respect to the MMRCH Incentive Pool, the Grant
                           Payment shall not be less than the total of the
                           products of (aa) the Participant's Individual Carry
                           Percentage with respect to each applicable MMRCH
                           Designated Investment, and (bb) the portion of the
                           MMRCH Incentive Pool relating to such MMRCH
                           Designated Investment; and

                  (3)      With respect to the RCRe Fee Incentive Pool, the
                           Grant Payment shall not be less than the total of the
                           products of (aa) the Participant's Individual Carry
                           Percentage with respect to each applicable RCRe
                           Designated Investment, and (bb) the portion of the
                           RCRe Fee Incentive Pool relating to such RCRe
                           Designated Investment.

         (c)      The LTIP Committee may authorize Exception Grant Payments to
                  Participants with respect to Grants, subject to the limitation
                  set forth In Paragraph III(b).

         (d)      In the event that, upon a Realization Date or Valuation Date,
                  after the distribution of all applicable Grant Payments and
                  Exception Grant Payments, there remains an amount available
                  for distribution with respect to the applicable Incentive
                  Pool, the unallocated balance shall remain in a reserve
                  account (the "Reserve Account") with respect to such Incentive
                  Pool, to be distributed from time to time, in whole or in
                  part, at the discretion of the LTIP Committee. Notwithstanding
                  the foregoing, any amounts forfeited by a Participant who is
                  or was a member of the MMC Partners Group shall not be
                  redistributed without the approval of the MMC Compensation
                  Committee if such redistribution would result in a material
                  change to the remaining Participants' distributions, as
                  determined by the MMC Compensation Committee.


                                       8
<PAGE>

         (e)      All Grant Payments and Exception Grant Payments shall be made
                  in cash, unless otherwise determined by the LTIP Committee
                  with the approval of MMC.

V.       TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

         (a)      Termination of employment and service provisions shall apply
                  as set forth in this Paragraph V, except as otherwise provided
                  in a Participant's employment, consulting or other written
                  agreement with MMC or MMC Capital, or as otherwise determined
                  at the time of Grant by the LTIP Committee.

         (b)      If a Participant's employment or service is terminated for
                  Cause as defined in Paragraph II(a)(1), (2) or (3) (or for
                  actions, other than those described in Paragraph II(a)(4),
                  which constitute Cause pursuant to the Participant's
                  employment, consulting or other written agreement with MMC or
                  MMC Capital) the Participant's Grants shall be forfeited
                  (regardless of whether the Grants are vested or unvested) and
                  the value of the related Individual Carry Percentages of each
                  Incentive Pool shall be returned to the applicable Incentive
                  Pool. If a Participant's employment or service is terminated
                  for Cause as defined in Paragraph II(a)(4), (or for actions
                  described in Paragraph II(a)(4) which constitute Cause
                  pursuant to the Participant's employment, consulting or other
                  written agreement with MMC or MMC Capital), any unvested
                  portion of the Participant's Grants shall be forfeited and the
                  value of the related Individual Carry Percentages of each
                  Incentive Pool shall be returned to the applicable Incentive
                  Pool, and Grant Payments with respect to any vested but unpaid
                  portion of the Grants shall be made to the Participant as soon
                  as practicable following such termination. Such Grant Payments
                  shall be determined by calculating each Incentive Pool based
                  upon the carrying value, as reported in the most recent
                  quarterly financial statements, of the


                                       9
<PAGE>

                  investments in such Incentive Pool as of the Participant's
                  date of termination.

         (c)      If a Participant's employment or service terminates without
                  Cause for any reason except death, Disability or Retirement,
                  any unvested portion of the Participant's Grants shall be
                  forfeited and the value of the related Individual Carry
                  Percentages of each Incentive Pool shall be returned to the
                  applicable Incentive Pool, and Grant Payments with respect to
                  any vested but unpaid portion of the Grants shall be made in
                  accordance with the applicable Grant Payment schedule.

         (d)      If a Participant's employment or service terminates because of
                  death, Disability or Retirement, Grant Payments with respect
                  to any unvested portion of the Participant's Grants shall
                  become fully vested, and shall be made in accordance with the
                  applicable Grant payment schedule.

         (e)      For purposes of vesting only, a Participant's employment or
                  service shall not be deemed to have terminated as long as the
                  Participant is employed by, or renders services to, MMC or any
                  of its affiliates; in such cases, the Participant's Grants
                  shall continue to vest, subject to the limitations set forth
                  in Paragraphs V(f) and (g). Upon the subsequent termination of
                  such Participant's employment or service with MMC or any of
                  its affiliates, the provisions of Paragraphs V(b), (c) or (d)
                  (as applicable) shall apply.

         (f)      With respect to each Incentive Pool except the Trident
                  Incentive Pool, in no case shall a Grant Payment be made to a
                  Participant with respect to an investment made or Fee Income
                  received following the date of termination of the
                  Participant's employment or service with MMC Capital, and in
                  no case shall a Grant Payment with respect to a Participant's
                  Grant be reduced because of the performance of an investment
                  made following the date of termination of the


                                       10
<PAGE>

                  Participant's employment or service with MMC Capital.

         (g)      With respect to the Trident Incentive Pool, the sum of the
                  Grant Payments made to any Participant shall not exceed an
                  amount reflecting a portion of the Participant's Grant, such
                  portion being equal to (i) the portion of the Grant that is
                  vested, multiplied by, (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which
                  is the aggregate value (determined on the cost basis) of funds
                  invested (including amounts drawn down or committed) by
                  Trident prior to the date of the termination of the
                  Participant's employment or service with MMC Capital and the
                  denominator of which is $667 million, the aggregate value
                  (determined on the cost basis) of funds authorized for
                  investment by Trident.

VI.      CHANGE IN CONTROL

         (a)      Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon a Change
                  in Control of MMC or Change in Control of MMC Capital: (1) any
                  unvested Grants shall become fully vested as of the date of
                  such change in control, (2) Grant Payments shall be based upon
                  the appraised market value of the investments in each
                  applicable Incentive Pool as of such date, and such payments
                  shall be made to the Participants as soon as practicable
                  following such date, (3) the outstanding balance in each
                  Reserve Account as of such date shall be distributed to the
                  Participants ratably (as determined by the LTIP Committee at
                  its discretion) as Grant Payments or Exception Grant Payments,
                  and (4) the LTIP shall continue thereafter at the discretion
                  of the LTIP Committee.

         (b)      For purposes of the LTIP, a "Change in Control of MMC" shall
                  have occurred if:

                  (1)      any "person," as such term is used in Sections 13(d)
                           and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
                           amended (the "Exchange Act"), (other than MMC, any
                           trustee or other fiduciary holding


                                       11
<PAGE>

                           securities under an employee benefit plan of MMC or
                           any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the
                           stockholders of MMC in substantially the same
                           proportions as their ownership of stock of MMC), is
                           or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule
                           13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or
                           indirectly, of securities of MMC representing 50% or
                           more of the combined voting power of MMC's then
                           outstanding voting securities;

                  (2)      during any period of two consecutive years,
                           individuals who at the beginning of such period
                           constitute the Board of Directors of MMC, and any new
                           director (other than a director designated by a
                           person who has entered into an agreement with MMC to
                           effect a transaction described in clause (1), (3), or
                           (4) of this Paragraph VI(b)) whose election by the
                           Board of Directors of MMC or nomination for election
                           by MMC's stockholders was approved by a vote of at
                           least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in
                           office who either were directors at the beginning of
                           the period or whose election or nomination for
                           election was previously so approved, cease for any
                           reason to constitute at least a majority thereof;

                  (3)      the stockholders of MMC approve a merger or
                           consolidation of MMC with any other corporation,
                           other than (A) a merger or consolidation which
                           would result in the voting securities of MMC
                           outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing
                           to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by
                           being converted into voting securities of the
                           surviving or parent entity) 50% or more of the
                           combined voting power of the voting securities of MMC
                           or such surviving or parent entity outstanding
                           immediately after such merger or consolidation or (B)
                           a merger or consolidation effected to implement a
                           recapitalization of MMC (or


                                       12
<PAGE>

                           similar transaction) in which no "person" (as
                           hereinabove defined) acquired 50% or more of the
                           combined voting power of MMC's then outstanding
                           securities; or

                  (4)      the stockholders of MMC approve a plan of complete
                           liquidation of MMC or an agreement for the sale or
                           disposition by MMC of all or substantially all of
                           MMC's assets (or any transaction having a similar
                           effect).

         (c)      For purposes of the LTIP, a "Change in Control of MMC Capital"
                  shall have occurred if MMC no longer owns (directly or
                  indirectly) at least 50% of the value and voting power of MMC
                  Capital.

VII. ADMINISTRATION

         (a)      The LTIP Committee shall have the authority in its sole
                  discretion, subject to and not inconsistent with the express
                  provisions of the LTIP, to administer the LTIP and to exercise
                  all the powers and authorities either specifically granted to
                  it under the LTIP or necessary or advisable in the
                  administration of the LTIP, including, without limitation, the
                  authority to make Grants; to determine the persons to whom
                  Grants shall be made; to determine the size of Grants to be
                  made, and the terms and conditions relating to any Grant
                  including vesting; to determine whether, to what extent, and
                  under what circumstances a Grant may be settled, cancelled,
                  forfeited or surrendered; to determine and make Grant payments
                  and Exception Grant Payments; to construe and interpret the
                  LTIP and any Grant; and to prescribe, amend and rescind rules
                  and regulations relating to the LTIP.

         (b)      No member of the LTIP Committee shall be liable for any action
                  taken or determination made in good faith with respect to the
                  LTIP or any Grant hereunder.

VIII. OTHER


                                       13
<PAGE>

         (a)      COMPLIANCE WITH LEGAL REQUIREMENTS. Awarding Grants, making
                  Grant Payments and Exception Grant Payments, and any other
                  terms pursuant to the LTIP shall be subject to applicable
                  Federal and state laws, rules and regulations, and approvals
                  by any regulatory or governmental agency as may be required.

         (b)      GOVERNING LAW. The LTIP and all determinations made and
                  actions taken pursuant hereto shall be governed by the laws of
                  the State of New York, without giving effect to the conflict
                  of laws principles thereof.

         (c)      EFFECTIVE DATE. The effective date of the LTIP shall be
                  December 31, 1998.

         (d)      PARTICIPANT RIGHTS. No Participant shall have any claim to
                  receive any Grant (other than the Original Grant) under the
                  LTIP, and there is no obligation for uniformity of treatment
                  with respect to Participants.

         (e)      NO RIGHT TO CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE. Nothing in the
                  LTIP or in any Grant shall confer upon any Participant the
                  right to continue in the employ or service of MMC Capital, MMC
                  or an affiliate of MMC, interfere with or limit in any way the
                  right of MMC Capital, MMC or an affiliate of MMC to terminate
                  any Participant's employment or service, or entitle any
                  Participant to remuneration or benefits not set forth in the
                  LTIP.

         (f)      NONTRANSFERABILITY. Grants shall not be transferable by a
                  Participant except by will or the laws of descent and
                  distribution.

         (g)      BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION. Using the beneficiary designation
                  form set forth in Exhibit B, a Participant shall have the
                  right, at any time, to designate any person or persons as
                  beneficiary or beneficiaries (both principal and contingent)
                  to whom payment shall be made in the event of the
                  Participant's death prior to the complete distribution to the
                  participant of the amounts due under the LTIP. Upon completion
                  of the form,


                                       14
<PAGE>

                  it should be submitted to the LTIP Committee. A Participant
                  may change a beneficiary designation by completing a new form
                  and submitting it to the LTIP Committee. A new beneficiary
                  designation shall cancel any prior beneficiary designation. If
                  a Participant does not have a beneficiary designation in
                  effect, or if all designated beneficiaries predecease the
                  Participant, then any amounts otherwise payable to a
                  beneficiary shall be paid to the Participant's estate. The
                  payment to a designated beneficiary or to the Participant's
                  estate shall completely discharge MMC Capital's obligations
                  under the LTIP.

         (h)      AMENDMENT; TERMINATION. The Board of Directors of MMC Capital
                  shall, with the consent of MMC, have the right to alter,
                  amend, suspend and terminate the LTIP, provided that, without
                  the written consent of the Participant, no such alteration,
                  amendment, suspension or termination shall adversely affect
                  the terms and conditions of any Grant theretofore made to such
                  Participant under the LTIP.


                                       15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
