<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>gex10_14-25483.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.14
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.14

                       MPCI STOP LOSS REINSURANCE CONTRACT

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
ARTICLE
-------
                  Preamble

       1          Term

       2          Season

       3          Business Covered

       4          Territory

       5          Exclusions

       6          Reinsuring

       7          Extra Contractual Obligations

       8          Excess of Original Policy Limits

       9          Definitions

      10          Notice of Loss and Loss Settlements

      11          Premium

      12          Net Retained Lines

      13          Offset

      14          Access to Records

      15          Errors and Omissions

      16          Currency

      17          Arbitration

      18          Service of Suit

      19          Insolvency

ATTACHMENTS
-----------
                  Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical Damage -
                  Reinsurance - U.S.A.

                  Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical Damage -
                  Reinsurance - Canada
<PAGE>

                       MPCI STOP LOSS REINSURANCE CONTRACT

                   (hereinafter referred to as the "Contract")

In consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter contained and subject to
all the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth

                        GRANITE REINSURANCE COMPANY, LTD.


                    (hereinafter referred to as "Reinsurer ")


                    do hereby indemnify, as herein provided,

                       ACCEPTANCE INSURANCE COMPANIES INC.

                   (hereinafter referred to as the "Company" )

Wherever the word "Company" is used in this Contract, such term shall be held to
include any and/or all of the subsidiary companies which are or may hereafter
come under the management of the Company, provided that notice be given to the
Reinsurer of any such subsidiary companies which may hereafter come under the
management of the Company as soon as practicable, with full particulars as to
how such acquisition is likely to affect this Contract.

                                    ARTICLE 1

TERM

This Contract shall become effective as of July 1, 2000 and shall remain in full
force and effect with respect to all Covered Business risks in force or
attaching from that date through June 30, 2005.

The Reinsurer shall be responsible for all losses in progress at June 30, 2005
in the same manner and to the same extent it would have been responsible had the
Contract expired or terminated the day following the conclusion of the loss in
progress.

                                    ARTICLE 2

SEASON

The Season commences on July 1 of each year and continues through June 30 of the
following year.

<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE 3

BUSINESS COVERED

This Contract shall indemnify the Company, as set forth in the Reinsuring
Article, in respect of the liability which may accrue to the Company under all
policies, bonds, binders, certificates, contracts of insurance or reinsurance,
co-insurance or co-indemnity, or other evidences of liability (hereinafter
referred to as "policy(ies)" and/or "bond(s)", oral or written, issued or
renewed before or after the effective time and date hereof, issued by or
contracted for by the Company in respect of all business classified by the
Company as Multi-Peril Crop Insurance (MPCI) business, as defined and reinsured
by the FCIC and issued by the Company, IGF Insurance Company or Continental
Casualty Company. This Contract shall also indemnify the Company, as set forth
in Part II of Article 6, in respect of the indemnification obligations to the
Company of IGF Insurance Company and IGF Holdings, Inc. under Article IX of that
certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of May 23, 2001 ("APA"), but the
Reinsurer shall not be liable for more than $36,400,000 minus the aggregate
amounts paid to the Company pursuant to Article IX of the APA by IGF Insurance
Company or IGF Holdings, Inc. in the aggregate under this sentence and such Part
II; provided, however, that such aggregate dollar limitation on such liabilities
shall not apply with respect to an indemnification obligation arising from or
related to actual fraud committed by IGF Insurance Company, IGF Holdings, Inc.
or the Reinsurer.

                                    ARTICLE 4

TERRITORY

This Contract shall apply only to risks located in the United States of America.

                                    ARTICLE 5

EXCLUSIONS

This Contract shall not apply to and specifically excludes:

      1.    Any loss or damage which is occasioned by war, invasion,
            hostilities, acts of foreign enemies, civil war, rebellion,
            insurrection, military or usurped power, or martial law or
            confiscation by order of any government or public authority, but not
            excluding loss or damage which would be covered under a standard
            policy form containing a standard war exclusion clause.

      2.    All liability of the Company excluded by the following clauses
            attached hereto:

            (a)   Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical Damage -
                  Reinsurance - U.S.A.


                                       2
<PAGE>

            (b)   Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical Damage -
                  Reinsurance - Canada.

      3.    Risks not reinsured by FCIC.

      4.    This Contract excludes all liability of the Company arising by
            contract, operation of law, or otherwise, from its participation or
            membership, whether voluntary or involuntary, in any insolvency
            fund. "Insolvency fund" includes any guaranty fund, insolvency fund,
            plan, pool, association, fund or other arrangement, howsoever
            denominated, established or governed, which provides for any
            assessment of or payment or assumption by the Company of part or all
            of any claim, debt, charge, fee, or other obligation of an insurer,
            or its successors or assigns, which has been declared by any
            competent authority to be insolvent, or which is otherwise deemed
            unable to meet any claim, debt, charge, fee or other obligation in
            whole or in part.

      5.    Loss adjustment expense. For the purposes of this Contract, the term
            "loss adjustment expense" shall mean all loss adjustment expenses
            incurred by the Company, as defined by the FCIC.

                                    ARTICLE 6

REINSURING

Part I:     The Reinsurer shall be liable for 100% of the subject ultimate net
------   loss in excess of:

      1.    140%, but not greater than 150%, of the Company's subject net
            retained premium income for each crop year.

      2.    The liability of the Reinsurer for the term of the treaty shall not
            exceed $40,000,000 in all without the payment of additional premium
            equal to a rate of 5% of subject net retained premium income for
            each year unearned.

Part II:    In addition, the Reinsurer shall be jointly and severally liable to
-------   the Company, to the same extent and on the same terms and conditions
          that IGF Insurance Company and IGF Holdings, Inc. shall be liable to
          the Company, against all damages, losses, liabilities, costs and
          expenses of every kind whatsoever incurred or suffered by the Company
          that result from, relate to or arise out of those matters specified by
          Article IX of the APA. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
          Contract, however, the Reinsurer shall not be liable to the Company
          under this Part II in excess of an aggregate of $36,400,000 minus the
          aggregate amounts paid to the Company pursuant to Article IX of the
          APA by IGF Insurance Company or IGF Holdings, Inc. in the aggregate
          under Article 3 and this Part II; provided, however, that such
          aggregate dollar limitation on such liabilities shall not apply with
          respect to an indemnification obligation arising


                                       3
<PAGE>

         from or related to actual fraud committed by IGF Insurance Company, IGF
         Holdings, Inc. or the Reinsurer.

                                    ARTICLE 7

EXTRA CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

This Contract shall not protect the Company within the limits hereof, where the
ultimate net loss includes any extra contractual obligations. The term "extra
contractual obligations" is defined as those liabilities not covered under any
other provision of this Contract and which arise from the handling of any claim
on business covered hereunder, such liabilities arising because of, but not
limited to, the following: failure by the Company to settle within the policy
limit, or by reason of alleged or actual negligence, fraud, or bad faith in
rejecting an offer of settlement or in the preparation of the defense or in the
trial of any action against its insured or reinsured or in the preparation or
prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such action.

The date on which any extra contractual obligation is incurred by the Company
shall be deemed, in all circumstances, to be the date of the original disaster
and/or casualty.

                                    ARTICLE 8

EXCESS OF ORIGINAL POLICY LIMITS

This Contract shall not protect the Company, within the limits hereof, in
connection with ultimate net loss in excess of the limit of its original policy,
such loss in excess of the limit having been incurred because of failure by it
to settle within the policy limit or by reason of alleged or actual negligence,
fraud, or bad faith in rejecting an offer of settlement or in the preparation of
the defense or in the trial of any action against its insured or reinsured or in
the preparation or prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such action.

For the purpose of this Article, the word "loss" shall mean any amounts for
which the Company would have been contractually liable to pay had it not been
for the limit of the original policy.

                                    ARTICLE 9

DEFINITIONS

A.    The term "ultimate net loss" as used in this Contract shall mean the ratio
      of the net retained premium income into the net retained loss. An example
      of the calculation is as follows: net retained premium income equals $100
      and the net retained loss equals $150 resulting in the calculation of $150
      divided by $100 which equals 150%.


                                       4
<PAGE>

B.    The term "subject ultimate net loss" as used in this Contract shall mean
      the subject net retained premium on business the subject of this Contract,
      classified by the Company as MPCI.

C.    The term "net retained premium income" as used in this Contract shall mean
      gross premium income on Covered Business, less cessions to the FCIC's
      Assigned Risk, Developmental and Commercial Funds.

D.    The term "subject net retained premium income" as used in this Contract
      shall mean the net retained premium on Covered Business the subject of
      this Contract, classified by the Company as MPCI.

E.    The term "net retained loss" as used in this Contract shall mean the gross
      losses less all cessions to the FCIC's Assigned Risk and Developmental and
      Commercial Funds.

                                   ARTICLE 10

NOTICE OF LOSS AND SETTLEMENTS

The Company shall give notice to the Reinsurer, as soon as reasonably
practicable in the event ultimate net losses are likely to result in a claim
being made upon the Reinsurer, based upon a reasonable estimate of the Company's
subject net retained premium income, and the Company shall keep the Reinsurer
advised of all subsequent developments.

The Reinsurer agrees to abide by the loss settlements of the Company, such
settlements to be construed as satisfactory proof of loss. Amounts falling to
the share of the Reinsurer shall be immediately payable to the Company by the
Reinsurer upon reasonable evidence of the amount paid or to be paid by the
Company being presented to the Reinsurer.

Should the ultimate net loss of the Company exceed the Company's estimated
retention prior to the time that the subject net retained premium income of the
Company is known, the Reinsurer shall make provisional settlement based on a
reasonable estimate of the subject net retained premium income. Any provisional
settlement shall be adjusted when the Company 's actual subject net retained
premium income is known.

In addition, the Company shall provide information regarding potential loss
developments on July 15, August 30 and October 15 of each year, or as soon as
information is available.

INTEREST EXPENSE

From the date following 10 days after demand by the Company for payments due
under this clause, the amount outstanding shall bear interest at the rate of 1
1/2% per month or part thereof until paid.


                                       5
<PAGE>

Should Company withhold money due Reinsurer that is in excess of an actual paid
loss, or should the Reinsurer pay to the Company any amount greater than the
actual paid loss, or should Company withhold any amount pursuant to Part II of
Article 6, the amount in excess of such actual paid losses, or in excess of sums
properly due under Part II of Article 6, shall be repaid or paid to Reinsurer
including interest thereon at the rate of 1 1/2% per month or part thereof from
the date such excess amount was paid or withheld until full payment hereunder
including interest.

                                   ARTICLE 11

PREMIUM

A.    The Company will pay the Reinsurer a minimum and deposit premium of
      $6,000,000 at the signing of this treaty for the crop year 2001 and 2002
      and shall pay a minimum deposit premium of $3,000,000 on January 1, 2003,
      a minimum deposit of $3,000,000 on January 1, 2004 and a minimum deposit
      of $3,000,000 on January 1, 2005.

B.    Within 30 days following the end of the calendar year the Company shall
      provide any other information which the Reinsurer may require to prepare
      their Annual Statement which is reasonably available to the Company.

                                   ARTICLE 12

NET RETAINED LINES

This Contract applies only to that portion of any policy which the Company
retains net for its own account (prior to deduction of any underlying
reinsurance specifically permitted in this Contract), and in calculating the
amount of any loss hereunder and also in computing the amount or amounts in
excess of which this Contract attaches, only loss or losses in respect of that
portion of any policy which the Company retains net for its own account shall be
included.

The amount of the Reinsurer' liability hereunder in respect of any loss or
losses shall not be increased by reason of the inability of the Company to
collect from any other reinsurer(s), whether specific or general, any amounts
which may have become due from such reinsurer(s), whether such inability arises
from the insolvency of such other reinsurer(s) or otherwise.

                                   ARTICLE 13

OFFSET

The Company and the Reinsurer shall have the right to offset any balance or
amounts due from one party to the other. The party asserting the right of offset
may exercise such


                                       6
<PAGE>

right any time whether the balances due are on account of premiums or losses or
otherwise.

                                   ARTICLE 14

ACCESS TO RECORDS

The Reinsurer or its designated representatives shall have access at any
reasonable time to all records of the Company which pertain in any way to this
reinsurance.

                                   ARTICLE 15

ERRORS AND OMISSIONS

Any inadvertent error, omission or delay in complying with the terms and
conditions of this Contract shall not be held to relieve either party hereto
from any liability which would attach to it hereunder if such error, omission or
delay had not been made, provided such error, omission or delay is rectified
immediately upon discovery.

                                   ARTICLE 16

CURRENCY

Whenever the word "Dollars" or the "$" sign appears in this Contract, they shall
be construed to mean United States Dollars and all transactions under this
Contract shall be in United States Dollars.

Amounts paid or received by the Company in any other currency shall be converted
to United States Dollars at the rate of exchange at the date such transaction is
entered on the books of the Company.

                                   [RESERVED]

                                   ARTICLE 17

SERVICE OF SUIT

It is agreed that in the event of the failure of the Reinsurer to pay any amount
claimed to be due under this Contract, the Reinsurer, at the request of the
Company, shall submit to the jurisdiction of any court of the State of Iowa
which shall be the exclusive forum for any proceeding arising under this
Reinsurance Contract, including, but not limited to, its negotiation, execution
or performance, and all matters arising hereunder shall be determined in
accordance with the law and practice of such court.


                                       7
<PAGE>

Service of process upon Granite Reinsurance Company Limited in such suit may be
made at any office of Symons International Group, Inc. or any of its affiliates,
or upon any officer or director of Granite Reinsurance Company wherever found
(hereinafter "agent for service of process"), and in any suit instituted against
any Reinsurer(s) upon this Contract, the Reinsurer(s) shall abide by the final
decision of such court or of any appellate court in the event of an appeal.

The above named are authorized and directed to accept service of process on
behalf of the Reinsurer(s) in any such suit and/or upon the request of the
Company to give a written undertaking to the Company that the agent for service
of process shall enter a general appearance on behalf of the Reinsurer(s) in the
event such a suit shall be instituted.

Further, pursuant to any statute of any state, territory or district of the
United States of America which makes provision therefor, the Reinsurer(s) hereby
designate the Superintendent, Commissioner or Director of Insurance or other
officer specified for that purpose in the statute, or his successor or
successors in office, as their true and lawful attorney upon whom may be served
any lawful process in any action, suit or proceeding instituted by or on behalf
of the Company or any beneficiary hereunder arising out of this Contract and
hereby designate the agent for service of process as the firm to whom the said
officer is authorized to mail such process or a true copy thereof.

The provisions of this Article shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE 18

INSOLVENCY

(All references to the insolvency of the Company herein are also applicable to
the insolvency of each and every insurance carrier collectively referred to as
the "Company.")

In the event of the insolvency of the Company, this reinsurance shall be payable
directly to the Company, or to its liquidator, receiver, conservator or
statutory successor on the basis of the liability of the Company without
diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or because the liquidator,
receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company has failed to pay
all or a portion of any claim. It is agreed, however, that the liquidator,
receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company shall give written
notice to the Reinsurer of the pendency of a claim against the Company
indicating the policy or bond reinsured, which claim would involve a possible
liability on the part of the Reinsurer within a reasonable time after such claim
is filed in the conservation or liquidation proceeding or in the receivership,
and that during the pendency of such claim, the Reinsurer may investigate such
claim and interpose, at their own expense, in the proceeding where such claim is
to be adjudicated any defense or defenses that they may deem available to the
Company or its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor. The
expense thus incurred by the Reinsurer shall be chargeable, subject to the


                                       8
<PAGE>

approval of the court, against the Company as part of the expense of
conservation or liquidation to the extent of a pro rata share of the benefit
which may accrue to the Company solely as a result of the defense undertaken by
the Reinsurer.

Where two or more reinsurers are involved in the same claim and a majority in
interest elect to interpose defense to such claim, the expense shall be
apportioned in accordance with the terms of the reinsurance Contract as though
such expense had been incurred by the Company.

As to all reinsurance made, ceded, renewed or otherwise becoming effective under
this Contract, the reinsurance shall be payable as set forth above by the
Reinsurer to the Company or to its liquidator, receiver, conservator or
statutory successor, (except as provided by Sections 4118(a)(1)(A) and 1114(c)
of the New York Insurance Law) or except (1) where the Contract specifically
provides another payee in the event of the insolvency of the Company, or (2)
where the Reinsurer, with the consent of the direct insured or insureds, have
assumed such policy obligations of the Company as direct obligations of the
Reinsurer to the payees under such policies and in substitution for the
obligations of the Company to such payees. Then, and in that event only, the
Company, with the prior approval of the certificate of assumption on New York
risks by the Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New York, is entirely
released from its obligation and the Reinsurer pay any loss directly to payees
under such policy.

                                   ARTICLE 19

REGULATORY COMPLIANCE AND APPROVALS

The parties agree to comply with all laws, regulations or directions of
appropriate state insurance departments with regard to (a) any notification to
policyholders under the Reinsured Contracts (including without limitation all
content, description, timing or other requirements), (b) this Reinsurance
Contract Agreement and (c) all service requirements to policyholders under the
Reinsured Contracts.

The parties agree that where formal approval is required by any state insurance
regulatory agency, this Reinsurance Contract shall not be effective as to any
and all Reinsured Contracts in effect in such state until such approval is
obtained.

The Reinsurer has provided its Statutory Financial Statements and actuarial
opinion for the year ended December 31, 2000 to the Company and the Reinsurer
will provide the Company with copies of its Statutory Financial Statements and
actuarial opinion for each subsequent calendar year by April 30 of the following
year.

                        SIGNATURES ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE


                                       9
<PAGE>

                                        GRANITE REINSURANCE COMPANY

                                        By: /s/ Alan G. Symons
                                           -------------------------------------

                                        Its: Vice President
                                            ------------------------------------


                                        ACCEPTANCE INSURANCE COMPANIES INC.

                                        By: /s/ John E. Martin
                                           -------------------------------------

                                        Its: President
                                            ------------------------------------



                                       10
<PAGE>

NUCLEAR INCIDENT EXCLUSION CLAUSE - PHYSICAL DAMAGE - REINSURANCE - U.S.A.

1.    This Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the
      Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer,
      from any Pool of Insurers or Reinsurer formed for the purpose of covering
      Atomic or Nuclear Energy risks.

2.    Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) of this
      clause, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to
      the Reassured, directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer,
      from any insurance against Physical Damage (including business
      interruption or consequential loss arising out of such Physical Damage)
      to:

      I.    Nuclear reactor power plants including all auxiliary property on the
            site, or

      II.   Any other nuclear reactor installation, including laboratories
            handling radioactive materials in connection with reactor
            installations, and "critical facilities" as such, or

      III.  Installations for fabricating complete fuel elements or for
            processing substantial quantities of "special nuclear material", and
            for reprocessing, salvaging, chemically separating, storing or
            disposing of "spent" nuclear fuel or waste materials, or

      IV.   Installations other than those listed in paragraph (2) III above
            using substantial quantities of radioactive isotopes or other
            products of nuclear fission.

3.    Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1) and (2)
      hereof, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by
      radioactive contamination accruing to the Reassured, directly or
      indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance on
      property which is on the same site as a nuclear reactor power plant or
      other nuclear installation and which normally would be insured therewith
      except that this paragraph (3) shall not operate

      (a)   where Reassured does not have knowledge of such nuclear reactor
            power plant or nuclear installation, or

      (b)   where said insurance contains a provision excluding coverage for
            damage to property caused by or resulting from radioactive
            contamination, however caused. However on and after 1st January 1960
            this sub-paragraph (b) shall only apply provided the said
            radioactive contamination exclusion provision has been approved by
            the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction thereof.

4.    Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1), (2) and
      (3) hereof, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by
      radioactive contamination accruing to the Reassured, directly or
      indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, when such radioactive
      contamination is a named hazard specifically insured against.

<PAGE>

5.    It is understood and agreed that this clause shall not extend to risks
      using radioactive isotopes in any form where the nuclear exposure is not
      considered by the Reassured to be the primary hazard.

6.    The term "special nuclear material" shall have the meaning given it in the
      Atomic Energy Act of 1954 or by any law amendatory thereof.

7.    Reassured to be sole judge of what constitutes:

      (a)   substantial quantities, and

      (b)   the extent of installation, plant or site.

NOTE: Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) hereof, it
is understood and agreed that

      (a)   all policies issued by the Reassured on or before 31st December 1957
            shall be free from the application of the other provisions of this
            Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever first
            occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply.

      (b)   with respect to any risk located in Canada policies issued by the
            Reassured on or before 31st December 1958 shall be free from the
            application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry date
            or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the
            provisions of this Clause shall apply.

12/12/57
NMA 1119

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTES:      Wherever used herein the terms:

            "Reassured"       shall be understood to mean "Company", "Reinsured
                              ", "Reassured" or whatever other term is used in
                              the attached reinsurance document to designate the
                              reinsured company or companies.

            "Agreement"       shall be understood to mean "Agreement",
                              "Contract", "Policy" or whatever other term is
                              used to designate the attached reinsurance
                              document.

"Reinsurer" shall be understood to mean "Reinsurer", "Underwriters" or whatever
other term is used in the attached reinsurance document to designate the
reinsurer or reinsurers.


                                       2
<PAGE>

NUCLEAR INCIDENT EXCLUSION CLAUSE - PHYSICAL DAMAGE - REINSURANCE - CANADA

1.    This Agreement does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the
      Reinsured directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer,
      from any Pool of Insurers or Reinsurer formed for the purpose of covering
      Atomic or Nuclear Energy risks.

2.    Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph 1 of this
      clause, this Agreement does not cover any loss or liability accruing to
      the Reinsured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or
      Reinsurer, from any insurance against Physical Damage (including business
      interruption or consequential loss arising out of such Physical Damage)
      to:

      (1)   Nuclear reactor power plants including all auxiliary property on the
            site, or

      (2)   Any other nuclear reactor installation, including laboratories
            handling radioactive materials in connection with reactor
            installations, and critical facilities as such, or

      (3)   Installations for fabricating complete fuel elements or for
            processing substantial quantities of radioactive materials, and for
            reprocessing, salvaging, chemically separating, storing or disposing
            of spent nuclear fuel or waste materials, or

      (4)   Installations other than those listed in (3) above using substantial
            quantities of radioactive isotopes or other products of nuclear
            fission.

3.    Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraphs 1 and 2 of this
      clause, this Agreement does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive
      contamination accruing to the Reinsured, directly or indirectly, and
      whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance on property which is
      on the same site as a nuclear reactor power plant or other nuclear
      installation and which normally would be insured therewith, except that
      this paragraph 3 shall not operate:

      (a)   where the Reinsured does not have knowledge of such nuclear reactor
            power plant or nuclear installation, or

      (b)   where the said insurance contains a provision excluding coverage for
            damage to property caused by or resulting from radioactive
            contamination, however caused.

4.    Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 of
      this clause, this Agreement does not cover any loss or liability by
      radioactive contamination accruing to the Reinsured, directly or
      indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, when such radioactive
      contamination is a named hazard specifically insured against.

5.    This clause shall not extend to risks using radioactive isotopes in any
      form where the nuclear exposure is not considered by the Reinsured to be
      the primary hazard.

<PAGE>

6.    The term "radioactive material" means uranium, thorium, plutonium,
      neptunium, their respective derivatives and compounds, radioactive
      isotopes of other elements and any other substances which may be
      designated by or pursuant to any law, act or statute, or law amendatory
      thereof as being prescribed substances capable of releasing atomic energy,
      or as being requisite for the production, use or application of atomic
      energy.

7.    Reinsured to be sole judge of what constitutes:

      (a)   substantial quantities, and

      (b)   the extent of installation, plant or site.

8.    Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraphs 1, 2, 3 and 4
      of this clause, this Agreement does not cover any loss or liability
      accruing to the Reinsured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer
      or Reinsurer caused:

      (a)   by any nuclear incident as defined in or pursuant to the Nuclear
            Liability Act or any other nuclear liability act, law or statute, or
            any law amendatory thereof or nuclear explosion, except for ensuing
            loss or damage which results directly from fire, lightning or
            explosion of natural, coal or manufactured gas;

      by contamination by radioactive material.

NOTE: Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraphs 1, 2, 3 and 4
of this clause, paragraph 8 of this clause shall only apply to all original
contracts of the Reinsured whether new, renewal or replacement which become
effective on or after December 31, 1992.

NMA 1980a (01.04.96)
Form approved by Lloyd's Underwriters' Non-Marine Association Limited.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTES:      Wherever used herein the terms:

            "Reassured"       shall be understood to mean "Company", "Reinsured
                              ", "Reassured" or whatever other term is used in
                              the attached reinsurance document to designate the
                              reinsured company or companies.

"Contract" shall be understood to mean "Agreement", "Contract", "Policy" or
whatever other term is used to designate the attached reinsurance document.
"Reinsurer" shall be understood to mean "Reinsurer", "Underwriters" or whatever
other term is used in the attached reinsurance document to designate the
reinsurer or reinsurers.


                                       2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
