<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>boonvile.txt
<DESCRIPTION>BOONEVILLE ASSOCIATES I
<TEXT>


                         Amended and Restated Agreement
                            of Limited Partnership of
                          Boonville Associates I, L.P.



     This Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership is being entered
into  effective as of the date  written  below by and between  Central  Missouri
Counties' Human Development Corporation, a Non-profit Corporation as the general
partner (the "General Partner"), WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 6,
a California limited partnership as the limited partner (the "Limited Partner"),
WNC Missouri  Tax Credits  XXXI,  L.P.,  as the  Missouri  limited  partner (the
"Missouri Limited Partner"),  WNC Housing,  L.P., as the special limited partner
(the "Special Limited  Partner"),  and Crestwood  Development,  Inc., a Missouri
corporation as the withdrawing  limited partner (the "Original Limited Partner).
RECITALS

     WHEREAS,  Boonville Associates I, L.P., a Missouri limited partnership (the
"Partnership")  filed a  Certificate  of Limited  Partnership  with the Missouri
Secretary of State on October 19, 1998. A agreement of limited partnership dated
October 9, 1998 was entered into by and between Joseph A. Shepard and Kenneth M.
Vitor as the general  partners and the  Lockwood  Group,  L.L.P.  as the limited
partner (the "Original Partnership Agreement").

     WHEREAS,  on  September  14, 1999 a First  Amendment  to the  Agreement  of
Limited Partnership of Boonville Associates I, L.P., was entered into to provide
for the  withdrawal  of Joseph A. Shepard and The Lockwood  Group,  L.L.P.  as a
general  partner and limited  partner,  respectively,  and for the  admission of
Crestwood Development,  Inc. as the limited partner. Such withdrawal resulted in
having Kenneth M. Vitor as the sole general  partner and Crestwood  Development,
Inc. as the limited partner (the "First Amendment").

     WHEREAS,  on June 1, 2000 a Second  Amendment  to the  Agreement of Limited
Partnership of Boonville Associates I, L.P., was entered into to provide for the
withdrawal  of Kenneth M. Vitor as sole  general  partner and the  admission  of
Central  Missouri   Counties'  Human  Development   Corporation,   a  Non-profit
Corporation  as the general  partner  (the "Second  Amendment").  An Amended and
Restated Certificate of Limited Partnership was filed on August 1, 2000 with the
Missouri Secretary of State.

     WHEREAS,  the Partners  desire to enter into this Agreement to provide for,
among other things, (i) the continuation of the Partnership,  (ii) the admission
of the General Partner,  the Limited Partner,  the Special Limited Partner,  and
the  Missouri  Limited  Partner  as  partners  of  the  Partnership,  (iii)  the

                                       1
<PAGE>

liquidation of the Original General Partner's  Interest in the Partnership,  (v)
the payment of Capital Contributions by the Limited Partner, the Special Limited
Partner and the Missouri Limited Partner to the Partnership, (vi) the allocation
of Income,  Losses,  Tax Credits,  Missouri Tax Credits and distributions of Net
Operating  Income  and other cash funds of the  Partnership  among the  Partners
(vii) the determination of the respective  rights,  obligations and interests of
the  Partners to each other and to the  Partnership,  and (viii)  certain  other
matters.

     WHEREAS,  the  Partners  desire  hereby to amend and restate  the  Original
Partnership Agreement and the First Amendment.

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration of their mutual  agreements  herein set
forth,  the Partners hereby agree to amend and restate the Original  Partnership
Agreement and the First Amendment in its entirety to provide as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   DEFINITIONS

     Section 1.1 "Accountant"  shall mean Mueller,  Walla & Albertson,  or  such
other firm of independent certified public accountants as may be engaged for the
Partnership  by the General  Partner  with the  Consent of the  Special  Limited
Partner.  Notwithstanding  any provision of this Agreement to the contrary,  the
Special  Limited Partner shall have the discretion to dismiss the Accountant for
cause if such  Accountant  fails to  provide,  or  inaccurately  provides in any
material  respect,  the  information  required  in Section  14.2 or 14.3 of this
Agreement.

     Section 1.2 "Act"  shall  mean the laws   of the  State  governing  limited
partnerships, as now in effect and as the same may be amended from time to time.

     Section 1.3 "Actual  Missouri  Tax  Credit"  shall  mean as of any point in
time,  the total amount of the Missouri  Tax Credits  actually  allocated by the
Partnership to the Missouri Limited Partner,  representing  100% of the Missouri
Tax Credits actually received by the Partnership, as shown on the applicable tax
returns of the Partnership.

     Section 1.4 "Actual  Tax  Credit"  shall mean as of any point in time,  the
total amount of the LIHTC actually  allocated by the  Partnership to the Limited
Partner,  representing  99.9899.97%  of  the  LIHTC  actually  received  by  the
Partnership, as shown on the applicable tax returns of the Partnership.

     Section 1.5 "Adjusted  Capital Account  Deficit" shall mean with respect to
any Partner,  the deficit balance,  if any, in such Partner's Capital Account as
of the end of the relevant  fiscal period,  after giving effect to the following
adjustments:

                                       2
<PAGE>

         (a) credit to such  Capital  Account any amounts  which such Partner is
obligated  to restore or is deemed to be  obligated  to restore  pursuant to the
penultimate  sentences  of  Treasury  Regulations  Sections   1.704-2(g)(1)  and
1.704-2(i)(5); and

         (b) debit to such  Capital  Account  the items  described  in  Sections
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4),  1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5) and 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6) of
the Treasury Regulations.

The foregoing  definition  of Adjusted  Capital  Account  Deficit is intended to
comply  with the  provisions  of Section  1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)  of the  Treasury
Regulations and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.

     Section 1.6 "Affiliate"  shall mean (a) any Person  directly or  indirectly
controlling, controlled by, or under common control with another Person; (b) any
Person owning or controlling 10% or more of the outstanding voting securities of
such other Person; (c) any officer, director,  trustee, or partner of such other
Person;  and (d) if such  Person is an  officer,  director,  trustee  or general
partner, any other Person for which such Person acts in any such capacity.

     Section 1.7 "Agreement" or "Partnership  Agreement" shall mean this Amended
and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, as it may be amended from time to
time. Words such as "herein,"  "hereinafter,"  "hereof,"  "hereto," "hereby" and
"hereunder,"  when  used  with  reference  to  this  Agreement,  refers  to this
Agreement as a whole, unless the context otherwise requires.

     Section 1.8 "Apartment  Housing" shall  collectively mean the approximately
8.4 acres of land in Boonville,  Cooper County, Missouri as more fully described
in Exhibit "A" attached hereto and  incorporated  herein by this reference,  and
the Improvements.

     Section 1.9 "Assignee"  shall  mean a Person  who  has  acquired  all  or a
portion of the Limited Partner's  beneficial interest in the Partnership and has
not become a Substitute Limited Partner.

     Section 1.10 "Bankruptcy"  or  "Bankrupt"  shall  mean  the  making  of  an
assignment for the benefit of creditors,  becoming a party to any liquidation or
dissolution   action  or  proceeding,   the   commencement  of  any  bankruptcy,
reorganization,  insolvency or other  proceeding  for the relief of  financially
distressed debtors, or the appointment of a receiver,  liquidator,  custodian or
trustee  and,  if any of the  same  occur  involuntarily,  the  same  not  being
dismissed,  stayed or  discharged  within 90 days;  or the entry of an order for
relief  under  Title 11 of the United  States  Code.  A Partner  shall be deemed
Bankrupt  if  the  Bankruptcy  of  such  Partner  shall  have  occurred  and  be
continuing.

     Section 1.11 "Break-even  Operations"  shall  mean  at  such  time  as  the
Partnership  has Cash  Receipts  equal to Cash  Expenses,  as  determined by the
Accountant and approved by the Special  Limited Partner which approval shall not

                                       3
<PAGE>

be unreasonably withheld. For purposes of this definition, any one-time up front
fee paid to the  Partnership  from any  source  shall  not be  included  in Cash
Receipts to calculate Break-even Operations.

     Section 1.12 "Budget"  shall   mean  the  annual  operating  Budget  of the
Partnership as more fully described in Section 14.3 of this Agreement.

     Section 1.13 "Capital  Account"  shall mean,  with respect to each Partner,
the account  maintained  for such Partner  comprised of such  Partner's  Capital
Contribution  as increased by allocations to such Partner of Partnership  Income
(or  items  thereof)  and any items in the  nature  of income or gain  which are
specially  allocated  pursuant to Section 10.3 or 10.4 hereof,  and decreased by
the amount of any  Distributions  made to such Partner,  and allocations to such
Partner of Partnership  Losses (or items thereof) and any items in the nature of
expenses or losses  which are  specially  allocated  pursuant to Section 10.3 or
10.4 hereof.  In the event of any transfer of an interest in the  Partnership in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the transferee shall succeed to the
Capital  Account of the  transferor to the extent it relates to the  transferred
interest.  The foregoing  definition and the other  provisions of this Agreement
relating to the  maintenance  of Capital  Accounts  are  intended to comply with
Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b), as amended or any successor thereto, and
shall be  interpreted  and  applied in a manner  consistent  with such  Treasury
Regulation.

     Section 1.14 "Capital  Contribution"  shall mean the total amount of money,
or the Gross Asset Value of property contributed to the Partnership,  if any, by
all the  Partners or any class of Partners or any one Partner as the case may be
(or by a  predecessor-in-interest  of such Partner or Partners),  reduced by any
such capital which shall have been returned  pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4 or 7.6
of  this  Agreement.  A loan  to  the  Partnership  by a  Partner  shall  not be
considered a Capital Contribution.

     Section 1.15 "Cash Expenses"  shall mean all cash operating  obligations of
the  Partnership  (other than those covered by Insurance) in accordance with the
applicable  Budget,  including  without  limitation,  the  payment  of  Mortgage
payments,  the  Management  Agent fees  (which  shall be deemed to include  that
portion of such fees which is currently  deferred and not paid),  the funding of
reserves in  accordance  with Article VIII of this  Agreement,  advertising  and
promotion,  utilities,  maintenance,  repairs,  Partner  communications,  legal,
telephone,  any other  expenses which may reasonably be expected to be paid in a
subsequent  period but which on an accrual  basis is  allocable to the period in
question,  such as  Insurance,  real estate taxes and audit,  tax or  accounting
expenses (excluding deductions for cost recovery of buildings;  improvements and
personal  property  and  amortization  of any  financing  fees) and any seasonal
expenses (such as snow removal, the use of air conditioners in the middle of the

                                       4
<PAGE>

summer, or heaters in the middle of the winter) which may reasonably be expected
to be paid in a subsequent  period shall be allocated equally per month over the
calendar year. Cash Expenses payable to Partners or Affiliates of Partners shall
be paid after Cash Expenses payable to third parties.

     Section 1.16 "Cash  Receipts"  shall mean actual  cash  received on a  cash
basis by the Partnership from operating  revenues of the Partnership,  including
without  limitation  rental income (but not any subsidy thereof from the General
Partner or an Affiliate thereof) and laundry income, but excluding  prepayments,
security deposits,  Capital  Contributions,  borrowings,  lump-sum payment,  any
extraordinary  receipt of funds,  and any  income  earned on  investment  of its
funds.

     Section 1.17 "Code"  shall  mean  the  Internal  Revenue  Code of 1986,  as
amended from time to time, or any successor statute.

     Section 1.18 "Completion   of  Construction"   shall  mean  the  date   the
Partnership  has received the required  certificates  of occupancy (or the local
equivalent) for all forty-eight  (48) apartment units, or by the issuance of the
inspecting  architect's  certification,  in a form substantially  similar to the
form attached hereto as Exhibit "D" and  incorporated  herein by this reference,
with respect to completion of all the apartment units in the Apartment  Housing;
provided,  however,  that Completion of Construction shall not be deemed to have
occurred  if on such  date any  liens or other  encumbrances  as to title to the
Apartment  Housing  exist,  other than those securing the  Construction  Loan or
Mortgage and/or those set forth in the Title Policy as of the date of closing as
consented to by the Limited  Partner  and/or  those  consented to by the Limited
Partner and Special  Limited  Partner and/or those liens in dispute which do not
show up on title  because  provisions  for payment have been made,  as example a
bond.

     Section 1.19 "Compliance Period" shall mean the period set forth in Section
42 (i)(1) of the Code, as amended, or any successor statute.

     Section 1.20 "Consent"  shall mean the  agreement or approval of a  Partner
which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned in light of the
facts and circumstances.  If a Partner fails to respond to any notice soliciting
consent  within  30 days  (or  such  other  period  as may be set  forth  in the
Agreement)  after the date of such notice,  such Partner shall be deemed for all
purposes of this  Agreement  to have granted  Consent to the action  proposed in
such notice.

     Section 1.21 "Consent of the Special Limited  Partner" shall mean the prior
written  consent or approval of the Special  Limited Partner which consent shall
not be unreasonably  withheld,  delayed or conditioned in light of the facts and
circumstances.  If any Partner fails to respond to any notice soliciting Consent
within 30 days (or such other period as may be set forth in the Agreement) after
the date of such notice,  such Partner  shall be deemed for all purposes of this
Agreement to have granted Consent to the action proposed in such notice.

                                       5
<PAGE>

     Section 1.22 "Construction  Budget"  shall mean  the  agreed  upon cost  of
construction of the Improvements,  including soft costs (which includes,  but is
not limited to, financing  charges,  market study,  Development  Fee,  architect
fees, etc.),  based upon the Plans and  Specifications.  The final  Construction
Budget is referenced in the Construction and Operating Budget Agreement  entered
into by and between the Partners the even date hereof and incorporated herein by
this reference.

     Section 1.23 "Construction  Contract" shall mean the construction  contract
dated  June 9, 1999 in the  amount  of  $2,958,602,  entered  into  between  the
Partnership  and the  Contractor  pursuant to which the  Improvements  are being
constructed.

     Section 1.24 "Construction  Lender" shall mean Missouri Housing Development
Commission or any successor thereto.

     Section 1.25 "Construction  Loan"  shall  mean  the  loan   obtained   from
Construction  Lender in the  principal  amount of $810,000  at an interest  rate
equal  to 1% per  annum  for a term  of 12  months  to  provide  funds  for  the
acquisition,  renovation  and/or  construction  and development of the Apartment
Housing.  Where the context admits, the term  "Construction  Loan" shall include
any deed, deed of trust, note, security agreement, assumption agreement or other
instrument  executed by, or on behalf of, the  Partnership or General Partner in
connection with the Construction  Loan. This Construction Loan will convert into
permanent loan upon Completion of Construction.

     Section 1.26 "Contractor" shall mean Crestwood Building  Associates,  Inc.,
which is the general construction contractor for the Apartment Housing.

     Section 1.27 "Debt Service  Coverage" shall mean for the applicable  period
the ratio between the Net Operating Income (excluding Mortgage payments) and the
debt service  required to be paid on the  Mortgage(s);  as example,  a 1.10 Debt
Service  Coverage means that for every $1.00 of debt service required to be paid
there must be $1.10 of Net  Operating  Income  available.  A  worksheet  for the
calculation  of Debt  Service  Coverage  is found in the  Report  of  Operations
attached hereto as Exhibit "G" and incorporated herein by this reference.

     Section 1.28 "Deferred  Management Fee" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.2(c) hereof.

     Section 1.29 "Developer" shall mean Lockwood  Development  Company,  L.L.C.
and Central  Missouri  Counties  Human  Development  Corporation,  a  non-profit
corporation and community housing corporation (CHDO).

     Section 1.30 "Development Fee" shall mean the fee payable to the  Developer
for services  incident to the  development  and  construction  of the  Apartment
Housing in  accordance  with the  Development  Services  Agreement  between  the

                                       6
<PAGE>

Partnership  and the  Developer  dated the even date  herewith and  incorporated
herein by this reference. Development activities do not include services for the
acquisition of the land or syndication activities.

     Section 1.31 "Distributions"  shall mean the total amount of money, or  the
Gross Asset Value of property  (net of  liabilities  securing  such  distributed
property  that such  Partner is  considered  to assume or take  subject to under
Section  752 of the  Code),  distributed  to  Partners  with  respect  to  their
Interests in the Partnership,  but shall not include any payments to the General
Partner or its  Affiliates  for fees or other  compensation  as provided in this
Agreement or any guaranteed  payment within the meaning of Section 707(c) of the
Code, as amended, or any successor thereto.

     Section 1.32 "DOR" shall mean the Missouri Department of Revenue.

     Section 1.33 "Fair Market Value" shall mean,  with respect to any property,
real or  personal,  the price a ready,  willing  and able  buyer  would pay to a
ready,  willing and able  seller of the  property,  provided  that such value is
reasonably  agreed to between the parties in arm's-length  negotiations  and the
parties have sufficiently adverse interests.

     Section 1.34 "First Year  Certificate"  shall mean the  certificate  to  be
filed by the General  Partner with the  Secretary of the Treasury as required by
Code Section 42(1)(1), as amended, or any successor thereto.

     Section 1.35 "Force Majeure" shall mean any act of God, strike, lockout, or
other industrial  disturbance,  act of the public enemy, war,  blockage,  public
riot, fire, flood, explosion, governmental action, governmental delay, restraint
or  inaction  and any  other  cause or  event,  whether  of the kind  enumerated
specifically herein, or otherwise, which is not reasonably within the control of
a Partner to this Agreement claiming such suspension.

     Section 1.36 "General Partner" shall mean Central Missouri  Counties' Human
Development Corporation,  a Non-profit Corporation and such other Persons as are
admitted  to the  Partnership  as  additional  or  substitute  General  Partners
pursuant to this  Agreement.  If there is more than one  General  Partner of the
Partnership, the term "General Partner" shall be deemed to refer to such General
Partners and vice versa.

     Section 1.37 "Gross Asset Value" shall mean with respect to any asset,  the
asset's adjusted basis for federal income tax purposes, except as follows:

          (a) the  initial  Gross  Asset  Value of any  asset  contributed  by a
Partner to the  Partnership  shall be the Fair Market  Value of such  asset,  as

                                       7
<PAGE>

determined by the contributing  Partner and the General Partner,  provided that,
if the contributing  Partner is a General Partner, the determination of the Fair
Market Value of a contributed asset shall be determined by appraisal;

          (b) the Gross Asset Values of all Partnership assets shall be adjusted
to equal their  respective  Fair Market  Values,  as  determined  by the General
Partner,  as of the  following  times:  (1)  the  acquisition  of an  additional
Interest in the Partnership by any new or existing  Partner in exchange for more
than a de minimis Capital Contribution;  (2) the distribution by the Partnership
to a  Partner  of more  than a de  minimis  amount of  Partnership  property  as
consideration for an Interest in the Partnership; and (3) the liquidation of the
Partnership    within   the    meaning   of   Treasury    Regulations    Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g);  provided,  however,  that  the  adjustments  pursuant  to
clauses  (1) and (2) above  shall be made only with the  Consent of the  Special
Limited Partner and only if the General Partner reasonably  determines that such
adjustments  are  necessary  or  appropriate  to reflect the  relative  economic
interests of the Partners in the Partnership;

          (c) the Gross Asset Value of any Partnership  asset distributed to any
Partner  shall be adjusted  to equal the Fair Market  Value of such asset on the
date of distribution  as determined by the distributee and the General  Partner,
provided that, if the distributee is a General Partner, the determination of the
Fair Market Value of the distributed asset shall be determined by appraisal; and

          (d) the Gross Asset  Values of  Partnership  assets shall be increased
(or  decreased) to reflect any  adjustments to the adjusted basis of such assets
pursuant to Code Section 734(b) or Code Section  743(b),  but only to the extent
that such  adjustments  are taken into account in determining  Capital  Accounts
pursuant  to  Treasury  Regulations  Section  1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)  and  Section
10.3(g) hereof;  provided however, that Gross Asset Values shall not be adjusted
pursuant to this Section  1.37(d) to the extent the General  Partner  determines
that  an  adjustment   pursuant  to  Section  1.37(b)  hereof  is  necessary  or
appropriate in connection with a transaction  that would otherwise  result in an
adjustment pursuant to this Section 1.37(d).

     If the  Gross  Asset  Value of an asset  has been  determined  or  adjusted
pursuant to Section 1.37(a),  Section 1.37(b),  or Section 1.37(d) hereof,  such
Gross Asset Value shall  thereafter be adjusted by the  depreciation  taken into
account with respect to such asset for purposes of computing Income and Losses.

     Section 1.38 "Hazardous  Substance"  shall mean and include any  substance,
material  or  waste,  including  asbestos,   petroleum  and  petroleum  products
(including crude oil), that is or becomes designated, classified or regulated as
"toxic"  or  "hazardous"  or a  "pollutant"  or  that  is or  becomes  similarly
designated,  classified  or  regulated,  under any federal,  state or local law,
regulation  or  ordinance  including,   without  limitation,   Compensation  and

                                       8
<PAGE>

Liability Act of 1980, as amended,  the Hazardous Materials  Transportation Act,
as amended,  the Resource  Conservation  and Recovery  Act, as amended,  and the
regulations adopted and publications promulgated pursuant thereto.

     Section 1.39 "Improvements"   shall  mean  the   6  buildings    containing
forty-eight  (48)  apartment  units and  ancillary  and  appurtenant  facilities
(including  those intended for commercial  use, if any,) being  constructed  for
family built in accordance with the Project Documents. It shall also include all
furnishings,  equipment  and  personal  property  used in  connection  with  the
operation thereof.

     Section 1.40 "Incentive Management Fee" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.2(e) hereof.

     Section 1.41 "Income and Losses" shall mean,  for each fiscal year or other
period,  an amount equal to the  Partnership's  taxable  income or loss for such
year or period,  determined  in  accordance  with Code Section  703(a) (for this
purpose,  all items of income,  gain,  loss or  deduction  required to be stated
separately  pursuant  to Code  Section  703(a)(1)  shall be  included in taxable
income or loss), with the following adjustments:

         (a) any income of the  Partnership  that is exempt from federal  income
tax and not otherwise taken into account in computing  Income or Losses pursuant
to this Section 1.41 shall be added to such taxable income or loss;

         (b) any  expenditures  of the  Partnership  described  in Code  Section
705(a)(2)(B) or treated as Code Section  705(a)(2)(B)  expenditures  pursuant to
Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i), and not otherwise taken into account in
computing  Income and Losses  pursuant to this Section 1.41 shall be  subtracted
from such taxable income or loss;

         (c) in the event  the Gross  Asset  Value of any  Partnership  asset is
adjusted  pursuant  to  Section  1.37(a)  or (b)  hereof,  the  amount  of  such
adjustment  shall be taken into account as gain or loss from the  disposition of
such asset for purposes of computing Income and Losses;

         (d) gain or loss resulting from any  disposition of Partnership  assets
with respect to which gain or loss is recognized for federal income tax purposes
shall be computed by reference to the Gross Asset Value of the property disposed
of,  notwithstanding  that the adjusted tax basis of such property  differs from
its Gross Asset Value;

         (e) in lieu of the depreciation,  amortization, and other cost recovery
deductions  taken into account in computing such taxable  income or loss,  there
shall be taken into account  depreciation  for such fiscal year or other period,
computed as provided below; and

         (f) notwithstanding  any other provision of this definition,  any items
which are specially allocated pursuant to Sections 10.3 or 10.4 hereof shall not
otherwise be taken into account in computing Income or Losses.

                                       9
<PAGE>

     Depreciation  for each fiscal year or other period shall be  calculated  as
follows:  an  amount  equal to the  depreciation,  amortization,  or other  cost
recovery  deduction  allowable  with  respect to an asset for such year or other
period for federal income tax purposes,  except that if the Gross Asset Value of
an asset differs from its adjusted  basis for federal income tax purposes at the
beginning of such year or other  period,  depreciation  shall be an amount which
bears the same ratio to such  beginning  Gross Asset Value as the federal income
tax depreciation,  amortization,  or other cost recovery deduction for such year
or other period bears to such beginning adjusted tax basis;  provided,  however,
if the federal  income tax  depreciation,  amortization,  or other cost recovery
deduction for such year is zero, depreciation shall be determined with reference
to such beginning Gross Asset Value using any reasonable  method selected by the
General Partner.

     For  purposes  of this  Agreement,  the term  Income  when used alone shall
include all items of income or revenue contemplated in this Section and the term
Losses  when  used  alone  shall   include  all  items  of  loss  or  deductions
contemplated in this Section.

     Section 1.42 "Inspecting  Architect"  shall mean Webster Design,  Inc.  The
Inspecting  Architect shall make regular  inspections of the construction  site,
but in no event less than once a month,  to  confirm  that  construction  of the
Improvements is in conformance with the Plans and Specifications. The Inspecting
Architect  will  sign-off on all the draw requests  made by the  Contractor  and
provide the documents specified in Section 14.3 of this Agreement.

     Section 1.43 "Insurance" shall mean:

        (a) during  construction,  the Insurance  shall include  builder's  risk
insurance,   liability  insurance  in  the  minimum  amount  of  $1,000,000  per
occurrence with an aggregate of $2,000,000, and worker's compensation;

        (b) during operations the Insurance shall include business  interruption
coverage  covering actual sustained loss for 12 months,  worker's  compensation,
hazard  coverage  (including  but not limited to fire, or other casualty loss to
any  structure  or building on the  Apartment  Housing in an amount equal to the
full  replacement   value  of  the  damaged   property  without   deducting  for
depreciation) and general liability coverage against liability claims for bodily
injury or property damage in the minimum amount of $1,000,000 per occurrence and
an aggregate of $2,000,000;

        (c) all liability  coverage shall include an umbrella liability coverage
in a minimum amount of $4,000,000 per occurrence and an aggregate of $4,000,000;

                                       10
<PAGE>

        (d) all  Insurance  polices  shall  name the  Partnership  as the  named
insured,  the Limited  Partner as an additional  insured,  and WNC & Associates,
Inc. as the certificate holder;

        (e) all  Insurance  policies  shall  include a  provision  to notify the
insured, the Limited Partner and the certificate holder prior to cancellation;

        (f) hazard coverage must include inflation  and  building  or  ordinance
endorsements;

        (g) the minimum  builder's  risk coverage shall be in an amount equal to
the construction contract amount; and

        (h) the  Contractor  must also provide  evidence of  liability  coverage
equal to $1,000,000  per  occurrence  with an aggregate of $2,000,000  and shall
name the  Partnership  as an additional  insured and WNC & Associates,  Inc., as
certificate holder.

     Section 1.44 "Insurance  Company" shall mean any insurance  company engaged
by the  General  Partner  for the  Partnership  with the  Consent of the Special
Limited  Partner  which  Insurance  Company shall have an A rating or better for
financial safety by A.M. Best or Standard & Poor's.

     Section 1.45 "Interest"  shall mean  the entire  ownership  interest  of  a
Partner in the Partnership at any particular  time,  including the right of such
Partner to any and all benefits to which a Partner may be entitled hereunder and
the obligation of such Partner to comply with the terms of this Agreement.

     Section 1.46 "Involuntary  Withdrawal"  means  any Withdrawal caused by the
death,  adjudication  of  insanity  or  incompetence,  Bankruptcy  of a  General
Partner, or the removal of a General Partner pursuant to Section 13.2 hereof.

     Section 1.47 "LIHTC"  shall  mean  the  low-income   housing   tax   credit
established  by TRA 1986 and which is provided for in Section 42 of the Code, as
amended, or any successor thereto.

     Section 1.48 "Limited Partner" shall mean Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P.,
Series 6, a  California  limited  partnership,  and such  other  Persons  as are
admitted  to the  Partnership  as  additional  or  Substitute  Limited  Partners
pursuant to this Agreement.

     Section 1.49 "Management Agent" shall mean the property  management company
which oversees the property  management  functions for the Apartment Housing and
which is on-site at the Apartment Housing. The initial Management Agent shall be
Lockwood Realty Inc.

     Section 1.50 "Management  Agreement"  shall mean the agreement  between the
Partnership  and the  Management  Agent for property  management  services.  The

                                       11
<PAGE>

initial  management  fee shall  equal to $30 per unit.  Neither  the  Management
Agreement nor ancillary  agreement  shall provide for an initial  rent-up fee, a
set-up fee, nor any other similar  pre-management  fee payable to the Management
Agent. The Management Agreement shall provide that it will be terminable at will
by the Partnership at anytime following the Withdrawal or removal of the General
Partner and, in any event,  on any  anniversary  of the date of execution of the
Management Agreement, without payment or penalty for failure to renew the same.

     Section 1.51 "MHDC" shall mean the Missouri Housing Development Commission.

     Section 1.52 "Minimum  Set-Aside  Test" shall mean the 40-60 set-aside test
pursuant to Section  42(g),  as amended and any successor  thereto,  of the Code
with respect to the percentage of apartment units in the Apartment Housing to be
occupied  by  tenants  whose  incomes  are  equal to or less  than the  required
percentage of the area median gross income. Notwithstanding, the General Partner
has agreed that 16 apartment units will be rented to tenants with incomes of 50%
or less of the area median income adjusted for family size.

     Section 1.53 "Missouri Limited Partner" shall mean WNC Missouri Tax Credits
XXXI,  L.P.,  and such  other  Persons as are  admitted  to the  Partnership  as
additional or substitute Missouri Limited Partners pursuant to this Agreement.

     Section 1.54 "Missouri Tax Credits"  shall mean the low-income  housing tax
credit established by Section 135.352 of the RsMO.

     Section 1.55 "Mortgage"  or   "Mortgage  Loan"  shall  mean  the  permanent
nonrecourse  financing wherein the Partnership  promises to pay Missouri Housing
Development  Commission (MHDC), or its successor or assignee,  the principal sum
of $810,000,  plus  interest on the  principal at 1% per annum over a term of 30
years and amortized over 30 years. Where the context admits, the term "Mortgage"
or  "Mortgage  Loan" shall  include any  mortgage,  deed,  deed of trust,  note,
regulatory  agreement,   security  agreement,   assumption  agreement  or  other
instrument  executed in  connection  with the  Mortgage  which is binding on the
Partnership;  and in case  any  Mortgage  is  replaced  or  supplemented  by any
subsequent  mortgage  or  mortgages,  the  Mortgage  shall  refer  to  any  such
subsequent  mortgage or mortgages.  Prior to closing the  Mortgage,  the General
Partner shall provide to the Limited  Partner a draft of the Mortgage  documents
for review.

     Section 1.56 "Net  Operating  Income"  shall mean  the cash  available  for
Distribution on an annual basis, when Cash Receipts exceed Cash Expenses.

     Section 1.57 "Non-Profit  Corporation"  shall mean a corporation  organized
exclusively  for  charitable  and/or  education  purposes,  including  for  such
purposes,  the making of distributions to organizations  which qualify as exempt

                                       12
<PAGE>

organization  under  Section  501 (c)(3) of the  Internal  Revenue  of 1986,  as
amended  from time to time.  The  corporation  shall have the power to  acquire,
improve  and to sell or operate  any real or  personal  or  interest  therein or
appurtenant thereto.

     Section 1.58 "Nonrecourse  Deductions"  shall have the meaning given it  in
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(1).

     Section 1.59 "Nonrecourse  Liability"  shall have the meaning  given  it in
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(3).

     Section 1.60 "Operating  Deficit" shall mean,  for the  applicable  period,
insufficient  funds to pay  operating  costs  when  Cash  Expenses  exceed  Cash
Receipts,  as determined by the Accountant  and approved by the Special  Limited
Partner which approval shall not be unreasonably  withheld;  provided,  however,
that for purposes of determining  Operating Deficit funding of reserves shall be
excluded from Cash Expenses.

     Section 1.61 "Operating  Deficit  Guarantee  Period" shall  mean the period
commencing  with the date of this  Agreement  and ending  three years  following
three months of Break-even Operation.

     Section 1.62 "Operating Loans" shall mean loans made by the General Partner
to the Partnership pursuant to Article VI of this Agreement,  which loans do not
bear  interest  and  are  repayable  only  as  provided  in  Article  XI of this
Agreement.

     Section 1.63 "Original  Limited Partner" shall mean Crestwood  Development,
Inc.

     Section 1.64 "Partner(s)" shall collectively mean the General Partner,  the
Limited Partner, the Missouri Limited Partner and the Special Limited Partner or
individually may mean any Partner as the context dictates.

     Section 1.65 "Partner Nonrecourse Debt" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 1.704-2(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations.

     Section 1.66 "Partner  Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain" shall mean an amount,
with respect to each Partner  Nonrecourse Debt, equal to the Partnership Minimum
Gain that  would  result if such  Partner  Nonrecourse  Debt were  treated  as a
Nonrecourse  Liability,  determined in accordance with Section  1.704-2(i)(3) of
the Treasury Regulations.

     Section 1.67 "Partner  Nonrecourse  Deductions"  shall have the meaning set
forth in Sections 1.704-2 (i)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(2) of the Treasury Regulations.

     Section 1.68 "Partnership"  shall mean  the limited  partnership  continued
under this Agreement.

                                       13
<PAGE>

     Section 1.69 "Partnership Minimum Gain" shall mean the amount determined in
accordance with the principles of Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-2(b)(2) and
1.704-2(d).

     Section 1.70 "Permanent Mortgage Commencement" shall mean the first date on
which all of the following have occurred:  (a) the Construction  Loan shall have
been repaid in full;  (b) the  Mortgage  shall have  closed and funded;  and (c)
amortization of the Mortgage shall have commenced.

     Section 1.71 "Person" shall  collectively  mean  an individual, proprietor-
ship, trust, estate, partnership, joint venture, association,  company, corpora-
tion or other entity.

     Section 1.72 "Plans and Specifications" shall  mean the  plans and specifi-
cations  for the construction of  the  Improvements  which are  approved  by the
local city/county building  department  with  jurisdiction over the construction
of the Improvements and which plans and  specifications  are  referred to in the
Construction Contract.

     Section 1.73 "Program Reserve Account" shall mean as defined in Section 8.3
of this Agreement.

     Section 1.74 "Project  Documents" shall mean all documents  relating to the
Construction  Loan,  Mortgage  Loan and  Construction  Contract.  It shall  also
include all documents  required by any governmental  agency having  jurisdiction
over the Apartment Housing in connection with the development,  construction and
financing of the Apartment  Housing,  including but not limited to, the approved
Plans and  Specifications  for the development and construction of the Apartment
Housing.

     Section 1.75 "Projected  Annual  Missouri Tax Credits" shall  mean Missouri
Tax Credits in the amount of $163,980  for 2001,  $302,823  per year for each of
the years 2002 through 2010,  and $138,843 for 2011,  which the General  Partner
has  projected  to be the total  amount of  Missouri  Tax  Credit  which will be
allocated  to  the  Missouri   Special  Limited  Partner  by  the   Partnership,
constituting  99.98100%  of the  aggregate  amount of  Missouri  Tax  Credits of
$3,028,230 to be available to the Partnership.

     Section 1.76 "Projected  Annual Tax Credits" shall mean LIHTC in the amount
of $75,698  for 2001,  $302,732.15  per year for each of the years 2002  through
2010, and  $138,752.15  for 2011,  which the General Partner has projected to be
the total amount of LIHTC which will be allocated to the Limited  Partner by the
Partnership,  constituting 99.97% of the aggregate amount of LIHTC of $3,028,230
to be available to the Partnership.

     Section 1.77 "Projected  Missouri Tax  Credits"  shall mean   Missouri  Tax
Credits in the aggregate amount of $3,028,230.

                                       14
<PAGE>

     Section 1.78 "Projected  Tax Credits"  shall  mean LIHTC  in the  aggregate
amount of $3,028,230.

     Section 1.79 "Rent  Restriction  Test"  shall  mean  the test  pursuant  to
Section  42 of the Code  whereby  the  gross  rent  charged  to  tenants  of the
low-income  apartment  units in the Apartment  Housing  cannot exceed 30% of the
qualifying income levels of those units under Section 42.

     Section 1.80 "Reporting  Fee" shall have  the  meaning set forth in Section
9.2(d) hereof.

     Section 1.81 "Revised  Projected  Missouri  Tax  Credits"  shall  have  the
meaning set forth in Section 7.4(a) hereof.

     Section 1.82 "Revised  Projected  Tax Credits"  shall  have the meaning set
forth in Section 7.4(a) hereof.

     Section 1.83 "RsMO"  shall mean the  Missouri  Revised  Statutes  1986,  as
amended.

     Section 1.84 "Sale or Refinancing" shall mean any of the following items or
transactions:  a  sale,  transfer,  exchange  or  other  disposition  of  all or
substantially  all of  the  assets  of the  Partnership,  a  condemnation  of or
casualty at the Apartment  Housing or any part thereof,  a claim against a title
insurance company,  the refinancing or any Mortgage or other indebtedness of the
Partnership and any similar item or  transaction;  provided,  however,  that the
payment of Capital  Contributions  by the Partners shall not be included  within
the meaning of the term "Sale or Refinancing."

     Section 1.85 "Sale or Refinancing Proceeds" shall mean all cash receipts of
the  Partnership  arising from a Sale or  Refinancing  (including  principal and
interest received on a debt obligation  received as consideration in whole or in
part, on a Sale or Refinancing) less the amount paid or to be paid in connection
with or as an expense  of such Sale or  Refinancing,  and with  regard to damage
recoveries or insurance or condemnation  proceeds, the amount paid or to be paid
for  repairs,  replacements  or  renewals  resulting  from  damage to or partial
condemnation of the Apartment Housing.

     Section 1.86 "Special  Limited  Partner"  shall mean WNC  Housing,  L.P., a
California  limited  partnership,  and such other Persons as are admitted to the
Partnership as additional or substitute  Special  Limited  Partners  pursuant to
this Agreement.

     Section 1.87 "State" shall mean the State of Missouri.

     Section 1.88 "State Tax  Credit  Agency"  shall  mean the  state  agency of
Missouri which has the  responsibility and authorization to administer the LIHTC
program in Missouri.

                                       15
<PAGE>

     Section 1.89 "Substitute  Limited  Partner"  shall mean any Person  who  is
admitted to the  Partnership  as a Limited  Partner  pursuant to Section 12.5 or
acquires  the  Interest of the Limited  Partner  pursuant to Section 7.3 of this
Agreement.

     Section 1.90 "Tax Credit" shall mean any credit permitted under the Code or
the RsMO  against,  respectively,  the federal or Missouri tax  liability of any
Partner as a result of activities or expenditures of the Partnership  including,
without limitation, LIHTC and Missouri Tax Credits.

     Section 1.91 "Tax Credit  Conditions"  shall mean,  for the duration of the
Compliance  Period,  any and all  restrictions  including,  but not  limited to,
applicable federal,  state and local laws, rules and regulations,  which must be
complied  with in order to qualify for the LIHTC and the  Missouri Tax Credit or
to avoid an event of  recapture  in  respect  of the LIHTC or the  Missouri  Tax
Credit.

     Section 1.92 "Tax  Credit  Period"  shall  mean  the ten year  time  period
referenced in Code Section 42(f)(1) over which the Projected Tax Credits and the
Projected  Missouri Tax Credits are allocated to the Partners.  It is the intent
of the Partners that the  Projected  Tax Credits and the Projected  Missouri Tax
Credits will be allocated during the Tax Credit Period and not a longer term.

     Section 1.93 "Title Policy" shall mean the policy of insurance covering the
fee simple title to the Apartment Housing from a company approved by the Special
Limited  Partner.  The Title Policy shall be an ALTA owners title policy  naming
the  Partnership  as  insured  and  including  a   non-imputation   and  fairway
endorsement.   The  Title  Policy  shall  delete  the  standard   exception  for
rights-of-way, easements, or claims of easements, which are not shown on a valid
survey.  The Title Policy  shall be in an amount not less than the  Construction
Loan amount and the Limited Partner's Capital Contribution.

     Section 1.94 "TRA 1986" shall mean the Tax Reform Act of 1986.

     Section 1.95 "Treasury  Regulations"  shall mean the Income Tax Regulations
promulgated under the Code, as such regulations may be amended from time to time
(including corresponding provisions of succeeding regulations).

     Section 1.96 "Withdrawing" or "Withdrawal" (including the verb  form "With-
draw" and the adjectival forms "Withdrawing" and "Withdrawn") shall mean, as to
a General Partner,  the  occurrence  of the death,  adjudication  of insanity or
incompetence,  or Bankruptcy of such Partner,   or the  withdrawal,  removal  or
retirement  from the  Partnership of such Partner for any reason,  including any
sale,  pledge,  encumbering,  assignment or other transfer of all or any part of
its General Partner  Interest and those situations when a General Partner may no
longer  continue  as a General  Partner by reason of any law or  pursuant to any
terms of this Agreement.

                                       16
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE II

                                      NAME

     The name of the Partnership shall be "Boonville Associates I, L.P."

                                   ARTICLE III

                  PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICE/AGENT FOR SERVICE

     Section 3.1 Principal  Executive Office. The principal  executive office of
the  Partnership  is located at 807-B N.  Providence  Road,  Columbia,  Missouri
65203,  or at such other place or places within the State as the General Partner
may hereafter designate.

     Section 3.2 Agent for Service of Process. The name of the agent for service
of process  on the  Partnership  is David L.  Thayer  whose  address is 807-B N.
Providence Road, Columbia, Missouri 65203.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                     PURPOSE

     Section 4.1 Purpose of the  Partnership.  The purpose of the Partnership is
to  acquire,  construct,  own and  operate  the  Apartment  Housing  in order to
provide,  in part, Tax Credits to the Partners in accordance with the provisions
of the Code and the Treasury Regulations  applicable to LIHTC and the provisions
of the RsMO  applicable  to  Missouri  Tax  Credits,  and to sell the  Apartment
Housing.  The Partnership  shall not engage in any business or activity which is
not incident to the attainment of such purpose.

     Section 4.2 Authority  of the  Partnership.  In  order  to  carry  out  its
purpose,  the Partnership is empowered and authorized to do any and all acts and
things  necessary,   appropriate,   proper,   advisable  or  incidental  to  the
furtherance and accomplishment of its purpose, and for protection and benefit of
the Partnership, including but not limited to the following:

         (a) acquire  ownership  of the real  property  referred  to  in Exhibit
"A" attached hereto;

         (b) construct,  renovate,  rehabilitate,  own, maintain and operate the
Apartment Housing in accordance with the Plans and Specifications;

         (c) provide housing, subject to the Minimum Set-Aside Test and the Rent
Restriction Test and consistent with the  requirements of the Project  Documents
so long as any Project Documents remain in force;

                                       17
<PAGE>

         (d) maintain and operate the Apartment  Housing,  including  hiring the
Management  Agent  (which  Management  Agent  may be any of the  Partners  or an
Affiliate  thereof) and entering into any  agreement  for the  management of the
Apartment  Housing during its rent-up and after its rent-up period in accordance
with this Agreement;

         (e) enter into the Construction Loan and Mortgage;

         (f) rent dwelling units in the Apartment  Housing from time to time, in
accordance with the provisions of the Code applicable to LIHTC; and

         (g) do any and all  other  acts  and  things  necessary  or  proper  in
furtherance of the Partnership business and in accordance with this Agreement.

                                    ARTICLE V

                                      TERM

         The  Partnership  term commenced upon the filing of the  Certificate of
Limited  Partnership  in the  office  of,  and on the form  prescribed  by,  the
Secretary  of State of the State,  and shall  continue  until  December 31, 2051
unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or
as otherwise provided by law.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                    GENERAL PARTNER'S CONTRIBUTIONS AND LOANS

         Section 6.1 Capital  Contribution  of  General  Partner.   The  General
Partner's  Interest was earned for its services  relating to the  acquisition of
land  including  locating,  negotiating  and closing on the purchase of the real
property upon which the  Improvements  are, or will be,  erected;  and including
syndication  services in forming the  Partnership,  locating and  approving  the
Limited Partner, Special Limited Partner and the Missouri Limited Partner as the
limited partners in the  Partnership,  negotiating and finalizing this Agreement
and for such other services described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.709-2(B).


         Section 6.2 Construction Obligations.

         (a) The General  Partner  shall cause  Completion  of  Construction  in
accordance with the Project  Documents,  pay all expenses and costs with respect
to financing the Apartment Housing through Completion of Construction, equip the
Apartment  Housing  or cause  the same to be  equipped  with all  necessary  and
appropriate fixtures, equipment and articles of personal property, including but
not limited to, refrigerators and ranges and pay all other costs incident to the
Apartment  Housing  through  Completion of  Construction.  If costs and expenses

                                       18
<PAGE>

necessary to effect  Completion  of  Construction  exceed the sum of the Capital
Contributions,  the proceeds of the Mortgage  and the  Development  Fee then the
General  Partner  shall be  responsible  for and shall be  obligated to pay such
construction  financing  shortfalls.  Any such  advances by the General  Partner
pursuant to the previous  sentence  shall not change the Interest of any Partner
in the Partnership and shall be considered a cost overrun and not be repayable.

         (b) In addition, if (1) the Improvements are not completed on or before
December 01, 2001 ("Completion  Date") (which date may be extended in the events
of Force  Majeure,  but in no event longer than three months from the Completion
Date);  (2) prior to completing the  Improvements,  there is an uncured  default
under or termination of the  Construction  Loan,  Mortgage Loan  commitment,  or
other material  documents;  or (3) a foreclosure action is commenced against the
Partnership,  then at the Special Limited Partner's election, either the General
Partner will be removed from the  Partnership  and the Special  Limited  Partner
will be admitted as successor  General  Partner,  all in accordance with Article
XIII hereof,  or the General Partner will repurchase the Interest of the Limited
Partner  and the  Special  Limited  Partner  for an amount  equal to the amounts
theretofore  paid by the Limited  Partner and the Special  Limited Partner shall
have no further  Interest in the  Partnership.  If the Limited Partner elects to
have the General Partner repurchase the Interest of the Limited Partner then the
repurchase shall occur within 60 days after the General Partner receives written
demand from the Limited Partner.

         Section 6.3 Operating  Obligations.  From  Completion  of  Construction
until three  consecutive  months of Break-even  Operations,  the General Partner
will provide the necessary funds to pay any Operating Deficits which funds shall
not change the  Interest of any Partner and shall be  considered  a cost overrun
and not be repayable.  For the balance of the Operating Deficit Guarantee Period
the General Partner will provide Operating Loans to pay any Operating  Deficits.
The aggregate  maximum amount of the Operating  Loan(s) the General Partner will
be obligated to lend will be equal to one year's operating  expenses  (including
debt and  reserves)  approved  by the General  Partner  and the Special  Limited
Partner. Each Operating Loan shall be nonrecourse to the Partners,  and shall be
repayable  out  of  50% of  the  available  Net  Operating  Income  or  Sale  or
Refinancing Proceeds in accordance with Article XI of this Agreement.

         Section 6.4 Other  General  Partner  Loans.  After  expiration  of  the
Operating  Deficit  Guarantee  Period,  with the Consent of the Special  Limited
Partner and the General Partner may loan to the Partnership any sums required by
the  Partnership  and not  otherwise  reasonably  available to it. Any such loan
shall bear simple interest (not compounded) at the 10-year Treasury money market
rate in effect as of the day of the General  Partner  loan,  or, if lesser,  the
maximum legal rate.  The maturity  date and repayment  schedule of any such loan
shall be as agreed to by the General  Partner and the Special  Limited  Partner.
The terms of any such loan  shall be  evidenced  by a  written  instrument.  The
General Partner shall not charge a prepayment penalty on any such loan. Any loan

                                       19
<PAGE>

in  contravention of this Section shall be deemed an invalid action taken by the
General Partner and such advance will be classified as a General Partner Capital
Contribution.

                                   ARTICLE VII

               CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS OF ORIGINAL LIMITED PARTNER,
                    LIMITED PARTNER, MISSOURI LIMITED PARTNER
                           AND SPECIAL LIMITED PARTNER

         Section 7.1 Original Limited Partner. The Original Limited Partner made
a Capital  Contribution of $95. Effective as of the date of this Agreement,  the
Original Limited Partner's  Interest has been liquidated and the Partnership has
reacquired  the Original  Limited  Partner's  Interest in the  Partnership.  The
Original  Limited Partner  acknowledges  that it has no further  interest in the
Partnership  as a  limited  partner  as of the date of this  Agreement,  and has
released  all  claims,  if  any,  against  the  Partnership  arising  out of its
participation as a limited partner.

         Section 7.2 Capital  Contribution  of  Limited  Partner.   The  Limited
Partner shall make a Capital Contribution in the amount of $2,195,028, as may be
adjusted in accordance with Section 7.4 of this Agreement,  in cash on the dates
and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth.

         (a) $2,195,028 shall be payable upon the Limited  Partner's receipt and
approval of the following documents:

                  (1) a legal  opinion  in a form  substantially  similar to the
form of opinion attached hereto as Exhibit "B" and  incorporated  herein by this
reference;

                  (2) a fully executed  Certification  and Agreement in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit "C" and incorporated herein by this reference;

                  (3) a copy of a title  commitment,  (in a form  and  substance
satisfactory to the Special Limited  Partner)  constituting an agreement by such
title company to issue the Title Policy within  fifteen  working days. The title
commitment  will show the  Apartment  Housing to be free from  liens  except the
Construction Loan and free from other exceptions not previously  approved by the
Special Limited Partner;

                  (4) insurance required during construction;

                  (5) construction costs, sources and uses and operating budget;
and
                  (6) a copy of the recorded grant deed (warranty deed).

                                       20
<PAGE>

          (b) The Missouri Limited Partner shall make a total  Capital Contribu-
tion in the amount of $999,316, in cash, on the dates and  subject to the condi-
tions  herein as follows:

                  (1) $512,606 shall  be  payable  at  the time  of  th  Limited
Partner's  Capital  Contribution referenced in Section 7.2(a) of this agreement;

                  (2) $79,135  shall  be  payable  upon  the  Limited  Partner's
receipt and approval of the following documents:

                         (a) the Inspecting Architect's  certification  of fifty
percent completion of the total construction; and

                         (b) the  construction  documents  required  pursuant to
Section 14.3(a) of this Agreement.

                  (3) $170,075  shall  be  payable  upon the  Limited  Partner's
receipt and approval of the following documents. The amount of $90,847 from this
capital  contribution  shall be deposited  into a Program  Reserve  Account,  as
described in Section 8.3 of this Agreement.

                         (a) a certificate of occupancy (or equivalent  evidence
of local  occupancy approval if a permanent certificate is not available) on all
the apartment units in the Apartment Housing;

                         (b) a completion  certification in a form substantially
similar to the form attached  hereto as  Exhibit  "D" and  incorporated  herein
by this  reference, indicating  that the  Improvements  have been  completed in
accordance  with the Project Documents;

                        (c) a letter from the Contractor in a form substantially
similar to the form attached  hereto as Exhibit "F" and  incorporated  herein by
this reference stating that all  amounts  payable to the  Contractor  have  been
paid in full and that the Partnership is not in violation of the Construction
Contract;

                         (d) Insurance required during operations; and

                         (e) the  construction  documents  required pursuant  to
Section 14.3(a) of this Agreement.

               (4) $118,750  shall  be  payable  upon  the   Limited   Partner's
receipt and approval of the following documents:

                         (a) Completion of Construction;

                         (b) Mortgage  Loan  documents  signed and  the Mortgage
funded;

                                       21
<PAGE>

                         (c) endorsement to the Title Policy dated no  more than
ten days  prior  to  the  scheduled  Capital  Contribution providing an as-built
survey;

                         (d) Debt Service  Coverage  of 1.10  for 90 consecutive
days immediately prior to funding;

                         (e) the current rent roll;

                         (f) copies of all initial tenant files  including  com-
pleted applications, completed questionnaires or checklist of income and assets,
documentation of third party  verification of income and assets, and income cer-
tification  forms  (LIHTC  specific)  collected  by  the  Management  Agent,  or
General  Partner, verifying  each  tenant's eligibility pursuant  to the Minimum
Set-Aside Test; and

                         (g) copies  of  the  executed  lease agreement with the
tenants.

               (5) $118,750  shall  be   payable   upon  the  Limited  Partner's
receipt and approval of the following documents:

                         (a) a copy of the declaration of restrictive covenants/
extended use agreement entered  into  between  the Partnership and the State Tax
Credit Agency;

                         (b) an audited  construction cost certification (which
includes an itemized cost breakdown);

                         (c) the Accountant's final Tax Credit certification  in
a form substantially similar to  the  form attached  hereto  as  Exhibit "E" and
incorporated  herein by this reference;

                         (d) Internal Revenue  Code  Form 8609, or any successor
 form; and

                         (e) any documents previous not provided to the Limited
Partner but required pursuant to this Section 7.2 and Sections 14.3(a) and (b).

         (c) In  the   event  the  Limited  Partner  fails  to  make  a  Capital
Contribution  payment when due as provided in this Section,  the General Partner
shall give  written  notice to the  Limited  Partner of its  failure to make the
required Capital  Contribution  payment.  The Limited Partner shall have fifteen
calendar  days to either:  (i) pay the  Capital  Contribution  payment;  or (ii)
provide  the  General  Partner  with  a  written  explanation   identifying  the
conditions  precedent to payment which the  Partnership  has not satisfied which
are the Limited  Partner's basis for  non-payment;  or (iii) the Limited Partner
can do nothing.  If the Limited  Partner does not make its Capital  Contribution
payment within the fifteen day notice period,  the General Partner may request a

                                       22
<PAGE>

copy of  Limited  Partner's  financial  statements  to verify  that the  Limited
Partner  has the  required  Capital  Contribution  funds on deposit  and has the
ability to make the disputed Capital Contribution  payment. The Limited Partner,
within ten (10) business days of such request shall provide the General  Partner
with its or an acceptable guarantor's financial statement, or in the alternative
in its sole and  absolute  discretion  may  deposit the  disputed  funds into an
escrow account to be held until the resolution of the dispute.  In the event the
Limited Partner cannot  demonstrate its ability to pay the Capital  Contribution
payment as evidenced by the above  documents or deposit then the Limited Partner
may  sell  its  Interest  within  sixty  (60)  days to a third  party  purchaser
acceptable to the General  Partner,  which  acceptance shall not be unreasonably
withheld.  If the Limited Partner does not elect to sell its Interest, or elects
to sell its Interest and does not sell it within the sixty (60) day period, then
the Limited  Partner's  Interest may be reduced as provided below at the General
Partner's  election.  The  Interest of the Limited  Partner  shall be reduced by
multiplying the Interest by a fraction, the numerator of which is the difference
between  the  Limited  Partner's  total  Capital  Contribution  and the  Limited
Partner's  paid in  Capital  Contribution  and the  denominator  is the  Limited
Partner's  total  Capital  Contribution.  Upon  reduction of the Interest of the
Limited Partner,  the Partnership may sell the remaining  Interest to any person
and admit the purchaser of the Interest as a Limited  Partner.  Notwithstanding,
if the Limited Partner does not make its Capital Contribution payment within the
fifteen-day  notice period,  and the Limited Partner has demonstrated it has the
financial ability to make the Capital Contribution payment, then any Partner may
arbitrate the non-payment dispute. Such arbitration shall be mandatory and shall
be conducted  under the auspice of the American  Arbitration  Association in the
State.  The  decision  of the  arbitrator  may be  entered  in any court  having
jurisdiction and may be appealable as if it were the decision of that court. The
Partners  shall  share  equally  the  expenses  of  arbitration,  including  the
arbitrator's fee, provided,  however,  that the arbitrator,  in the arbitrator's
sole discretion, may award costs to the prevailing party. The Partner filing the
arbitration  request may seek any remedy it deems appropriate for non-payment of
the Limited Partner's Capital Contribution payment.

         (d) Provided  the  conditions  of Section  7.2(a) of  this  Partnership
Agreement have been met, the Limited Partner shall pay its Capital  Contribution
to the  Partnership,  at which time the  Partnership  shall pay the  Developer a
portion of the  Development Fee in the amount of $475,500 and  concurrently  the
Developer shall deposit the $475,500 into an escrow dated the even date herewith
(the "Escrow  Agreement" is incorporated  herein by this reference).  The Escrow
Agreement will provide,  in part, for a 7% interest per annum on the outstanding
Development  Fee payable to the  Developer.  The Escrow  Agreement  will further
provide for the release of the unpaid Development Fee as follows:

                  (1) $79,135 shall be payable provided the conditions set forth
in Section 7.2(b)(1) of this Agreement have been met.

                                       23
<PAGE>

                  (2) $79,135 shall be payable provided the conditions set forth
in Section 7.2(b)(2) of this Agreement have been met.

                  (3) $79,230 shall be payable provided the conditions set forth
in Section 7.2(b)(3) of this Agreement have been met.

                  (4) $118,750  shall be payable  provided  the  conditions  set
forth in Section 7.2(b)(4) of this Agreement have been met.

                  (5) $118,750  shall be payable  provided  the  conditions  set
forth in Section 7.2(b)(5) of this Agreement have been met.

         Section 7.3 Repurchase of Limited  Partner's  Interest.  Within 60 days
after the General  Partner  receives  written  demand  from the Limited  Partner
and/or the Special Limited Partner and/or the Missouri  Limited  Partner's,  the
Partnership shall repurchase the Limited  Partner's  Interest and/or the Special
Limited  Partner  and/or  the  Missouri  Limited   Partner's   Interest  in  the
Partnership  by  refunding  to it  in  cash  the  full  amount  of  the  Capital
Contribution which the Limited Partner and/or the Special Limited Partner and/or
the Missouri  Limited  Partner has  theretofore  made in the event that, for any
reason, the Partnership shall fail to:

         (a) cause the Apartment Housing to be placed in service by  December 1,
2001;

         (b) achieve 90%  occupancy of the Apartment  Housing by satisfying  the
Minimum Set-Aside Test by February 1, 2002;

         (c) obtain Permanent Mortgage Commencement by December 1, 2001;

         (d) meet both the Minimum  Set-Aside Test and the Rent Restriction Test
not later than December 31 of the first year the Partnership elects the LIHTC to
commence in accordance with the Code; and

         (e) obtain a carryover  allocation,  within the meaning  of  Section 42
of the Code, from the State Tax Credit Agency on or before December 31, 2000.

     Section 7.4 Adjustment of Limited Partner's Capital Contribution.

         (a) The amount of the Limited  Partner's and Special Limited  Partner's
Capital  Contribution was determined in part upon the amount of Tax Credits that
were  expected  to be  available  to  the  Partnership,  and  was  based  on the
assumption  that the  Partnership  would be eligible to claim, in the aggregate,
the Projected Tax Credits. If the anticipated amount of Projected Tax Credits to
be allocated to the Limited Partner and the Special Limited Partner as evidenced
by IRS  Form  8609,  Schedule  A  thereto,  and the  audited  construction  cost
certification  provided to the Limited  Partner and the Special  Limited Partner
are less  than or  greater  than  $3,027,624  (the  new Tax  Credit  amount,  if

                                       24
<PAGE>

applicable,  shall be referred to as the "Revised  Projected Tax Credits")  then
the  Limited  Partner's  and  Special  Limited  Partner's  Capital  Contribution
provided  for in Section 7.2 and Section 7.5  respectively  shall be adjusted by
the amount  which  will make the total  Capital  Contribution  to be paid by the
Limited Partner and Special Limited Partner to the Partnership equal to 72.5% of
the Revised  Projected Tax Credits so anticipated to be allocated to the Limited
Partner and Special  Limited  Partner.  If the Capital  Contribution  adjustment
referenced in this Section 7.4(a) is a reduction then the General  Partner shall
have thirty days to pay the shortfall.  If the Capital  Contribution  adjustment
referenced in this Section  7.4(a) is an increase  then the Limited  Partner and
Special Limited Partner shall have ninety days from the date the Limited Partner
and Special Limited Partner have received notice from the General Partner to pay
the increase.

If the anticipated  amount of Projected  Missouri Tax Credits to be allocated to
the Missouri  Limited Partner as evidenced by Missouri Low Income Housing Credit
Eligibility  Statement and the audited construction cost certification  provided
to the Missouri  Limited  Partner are less than or greater than  $3,028,230 (the
new Projected Missouri Tax Credit amount, if applicable, shall be referred to as
the  "Revised  Projected  Missouri  Tax  Credits")  then  the  Missouri  Limited
Partner's  Capital  Contribution  provided  for in  Section  7.2(b)(5)  shall be
adjusted by the amount which will make the total Capital Contribution to be paid
by the Missouri  Limited Partner to the Partnership  equal to 33% of the Revised
Projected  Missouri Tax Credits so  anticipated  to be allocated to the Missouri
Limited Partner.

         (b) The General  Partner is  required  to use its best  efforts to rent
100% of the Apartment  Housing's apartment units to tenants who meet the Minimum
Set-Aside Test throughout the Compliance  Period. If at the end of each calendar
year  during  the first  five  calendar  years  following  the year in which the
Apartment  Housing  is placed in  service,  the Actual Tax Credit for any fiscal
year or portion thereof is or will be less than 95% of the Projected  Annual Tax
Credit, or the Projected Annual Tax Credit as modified by Section 7.4(a) of this
Agreement if  applicable  (collectively  the "Annual Tax  Credit")  (the "Annual
Credit  Shortfall"),   then  unless  the  Annual  Credit  Shortfall  shall  have
previously  been addressed  under Section  7.4(a) or 7.4(d) the General  Partner
shall pay to the  Limited  Partner  the Annual  Credit  Shortfall.  The  General
Partner shall have ninety days to pay the Annual Credit  Shortfall from the date
the General Partner receives notice from the Limited Partner.  The provisions of
this  Section  7.4(b)  shall  apply  equally to the Special  Limited  Partner in
proportion to its Capital Contribution and anticipated annual Tax Credit.

If at the end of each  calendar  year  during  the  first  five  calendar  years
following  the year in which the  Apartment  Housing is placed in  service,  the
Actual  Missouri Tax Credit for any fiscal year or portion thereof is or will be
less than the Projected  Annual  Missouri Tax Credit,  or the  Projected  Annual
Missouri Tax Credit as modified by Section 7.4 of this  Agreement if  applicable
(the "Annual  Missouri Credit  Shortfall"),  then the next Capital  Contribution

                                       25
<PAGE>

owed by the Missouri  Limited  Partner  shall be reduced by the Annual  Missouri
Credit  Shortfall  amount,  and any  portion  of  such  Annual  Missouri  Credit
Shortfall  in excess of such  Capital  Contribution  shall be  applied to reduce
succeeding Capital  Contributions of the Missouri Limited Partner. If the Annual
Missouri  Credit  Shortfall  is  greater  than the  Missouri  Limited  Partner's
remaining  Capital  Contributions  then the  General  Partner  shall  pay to the
Missouri Limited Partner the excess of the Annual Missouri Credit Shortfall over
the remaining Capital  Contributions.  The General Partner shall have sixty days
to pay the Annual  Missouri  Credit  Shortfall from the date the General Partner
receives notice from the Special Limited Partner.

         (c) In the event that, for any reason, at any time after the first five
calendar  years  following the year in which the Apartment  Housing is placed in
service, there is an Annual Credit Shortfall, then there shall be a reduction in
the General  Partner's  share of Net Operating  Income in an amount equal to the
Annual Credit Shortfall and said amount shall be paid to the Limited Partner. In
the event there are not sufficient funds to pay the full Annual Credit Shortfall
to the Limited  Partner at the time of the next  Distribution  of Net  Operating
Income, then the unpaid Annual Credit Shortfall shall be repaid in the next year
in which  sufficient  monies  are  available  from  the  General  Partner's  Net
Operating  Income.  In the event a Sale or Refinancing of the Apartment  Housing
occurs prior to repayment in full of the Annual Credit Shortfall then the excess
will be paid in accordance with Section 11.2(b).  The provisions of this Section
7.4(c) shall apply equally to the Special  Limited  Partner in proportion to its
Capital Contribution and anticipated annual Tax Credit.

         (d) The General  Partner is required to use its best efforts to deliver
Projected Annual Tax Credits of $163,980 in 2001 and $302,732.15 in 2002.

         (e) The  General  Partner is  required  to use its best  efforts to the
deliver to the Missouri Limited Partner Projected Annual Missouri Tax Credits of
$163,980 in 2001 and $302,823 in 2002.

         (f) The Partners recognize and acknowledge that the Limited Partner and
the Special Limited Partner are making their Capital  Contribution,  in part, on
the  expectation  that the  Projected  Tax Credits are allocated to the Partners
over the Tax Credit  Period.  If the  Projected Tax Credits are not allocated to
the Partners during the Tax Credit Period then the Limited Partner's and Special
Limited Partner's Capital Contribution shall be reduced by an amount agreed upon
by the  Partners,  in good faith,  to provide  the  Limited  Partner and Special
Limited Partner with their anticipated internal rate of return.

         (g) In the  event  there  is:  (1) a  filing  of a tax  return  by  the
Partnership  evidencing  a reduction  in the  qualified  basis of the  Apartment
Housing causing a recapture of Tax Credits  previously  allocated to the Limited
Partner;  (2) a reduction in the qualified  basis of the  Apartment  Housing for

                                       26
<PAGE>

income tax purposes  following an audit by the Internal  Revenue  Service  (IRS)
resulting in a recapture of Tax Credits  previously  claimed;  (3) a decision by
the United States Tax Court upholding the assessment of such deficiency  against
the Partnership with respect to any Tax Credit previously  claimed in connection
with the  Apartment  Housing,  unless the  Partnership  shall timely appeal such
decision  and the  collection  of such  assessment  shall be stayed  pending the
disposition of such appeal; or (4) a decision of a court affirming such decision
upon such appeal  then,  in addition to any other  payments to which the Limited
Partner and Special Limited Partner are entitled under the terms of this Section
7.4, the General  Partner shall pay to the Limited  Partner and Special  Limited
Partner the sum of (A) the income tax  deficiency  assessed  against the Limited
Partner or Special Limited Partner as a result of the Tax Credit recapture,  (B)
any interest and  penalties  imposed on the Limited  Partner or Special  Limited
Partner with respect to such deficiency, and (C) an amount sufficient to pay any
tax liability owed by the Limited Partner or Special  Limited Partner  resulting
from the receipt of the amounts specified in (A) and (B).

         (h) The increase in the Capital Contribution of the Limited Partner and
Special  Limited  Partner  pursuant  to Section  7.4(a)  shall be subject to the
Limited  Partner and Special  Limited  Partner having funds available to pay any
such  increase  at the time of its  notification  of such  increase.  For  these
purposes,  any funds theretofore  previously earmarked by the Limited Partner or
Special  Limited  Partner to make other  investments,  or to be held as required
reserves, shall not be considered available for payment hereunder.

         (i) In the event that the Missouri  Limited  Partner's  Interest in the
Missouri Tax Credits is different than $3,028,230, then the Capital Contribution
provided in Section  7.2(b)(5)  shall be adjusted by the amount  which will make
the total Capital  Contribution to be paid by the Missouri Limited Partner equal
to 33% of the total  Missouri  Tax Credits  allocable  to the  Missouri  Limited
Partner.  In the event that there is a payment to the Missouri  Limited  Partner
pursuant  to this  Section  7.4(h),  Projected  Missouri  Tax  Credits  shall be
referenced to as Revised Projected Missouri Tax Credits. In the event that there
is a reduction  in the Capital  Contribution  of the  Missouri  Limited  Partner
pursuant to this Section  7.4(h),  the amount of the reduction  shall be paid by
the General  Partner to the Missouri  Limited  Partner within ninety days of the
determination  of the  amount of the  reduction.  In the event  that there is an
increase in the Capital Contribution of the Missouri Limited Partner pursuant to
the Section 7.4(h),  the additional  Capital  Contribution  shall be paid by the
Missouri Limited Partner within ninety days of notification from the Partnership
to the Missouri Limited Partner.  If at any time the Accountants  determine that
the  Missouri  Tax  Credits  for any  fiscal  year are less  than the  Projected
Missouri  Tax  Credits  or  the  Revised  Projected  Missouri  Tax  Credits,  as
applicable,  then the Partnership  shall make a payment to the Missouri  Limited
Partner in the aggregate amount of the reduction within ninety days of notice of

                                       27
<PAGE>

such reduction.  During the first five calendar years of Partnership operations,
the General  Partner shall be obligated to provide such funds to the Partnership
as  shall  be  necessary  to  cause  the  aforesaid  payment  to be  made by the
Partnership to the Missouri Limited Partner.

          (j) Anything  in this  Section 7.4 to the  contrary   notwithstanding,
there shall be no  adjustment  in the  Limited  Partner's  Capital  Contribution
resulting  from Actual Tax Credits  allocated to the Limited  Partner being less
than  Projected  Tax  Credits,  or in the  Missouri  Limited  Partner's  Capital
Contribution  resulting  from  Missouri  Tax Credits  allocated  to the Missouri
Limited  Partner  being  less  than  Projected  Missouri  Tax  Credits,  if such
shortfall is a result of any of the following:

                  (1) Repeal, amendment or modification   to  Section  42 of the
Code  or  the  regulations thereunder or  repeal amendment  or  modification  of
Sections 135.350 et. seq. Missouri Revised Statutes;

                  (2) Reduction in eligible  basis  resulting from MHDC's denial
to rebuild the Project after the occurrence of a cause beyond the control of the
Partnership,  including,  but not limited to, fire, windstorm, or other property
or casualty loss, or condemnation;

                  (3) Determination  that the Limited Partner is not eligible to
be allocated the Projected  Tax Credits or the Missouri  Limited  Partner is not
eligible to be allocated the Missouri Tax Credits for any reason, including, but
not limited to,  application  of the Code to the  provisions of Article X of the
Partnership Agreement; and

                  (4) Any action or omission  of the  Limited  Partner,  Special
Limited  Partner or Missouri Limited Partner.

         Section 7.5 Capital  Contribution  of  Special  Limited   Partner.  The
Special Limited Partner shall make a Capital Contribution of $219.55 at the time
of the Limited  Partner's  Capital  Contribution  payment  referenced in Section
7.2(a) upon the same  conditions.  The  Special  Limited  Partner  shall be in a
different  class from the Limited  Partner and,  except as  otherwise  expressly
stated in this Agreement,  shall not  participate in any rights  allocable to or
exercisable by the Limited Partner under this Agreement.

         Section 7.6 Return  of  Capital  Contribution.  From  time  to time the
Partnership  may have cash in excess of the amount  required  for the conduct of
the affairs of the Partnership, and the General Partner may, with the Consent of
the Special  Limited  Partner,  determine that such cash should,  in whole or in
part,  be returned to the  Partners,  pro rata,  in reduction  of their  Capital
Contribution.  No such  return  shall  be made  unless  all  liabilities  of the
Partnership  (except  those to Partners  on account of amounts  credited to them
pursuant  to this  Agreement)  have  been  paid or there  remain  assets  of the
Partnership  sufficient,  in the sole discretion of the General Partner,  to pay
such liabilities.

                                       28
<PAGE>

         Section 7.7 Liability of Limited  Partner,  Special Limited Partner and
Missouri  Limited  Partner.  The Limited  Partner,  Special  Limited Partner and
Missouri Limited Partner shall not be liable for any of the debts,  liabilities,
contracts or other obligations of the Partnership.  The Limited Partner, Special
Limited  Partner  and  Missouri  Limited  Partner  shall be liable  only to make
Capital  Contributions  in the  amounts  and  on the  dates  specified  in  this
Agreement and, except as otherwise  expressly required  hereunder,  shall not be
required to lend any funds to the Partnership or, after their respective Capital
Contributions  have been paid, to make any further  Capital  Contribution to the
Partnership.

         Section 7.8 Missouri  Limited  Partner.  The Missouri  Limited  Partner
shall be in a different  class from the Limited Partner and, except as otherwise
expressly  stated  in  this  Agreement,  shall  not  participate  in any  rights
allocable to or exercisable by the Limited Partner under this Agreement.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                          WORKING CAPITAL AND RESERVES

         Section 8.1 Operating and Maintenance  Account.  The Partnership  shall
establish an operating and  maintenance  account and shall deposit  thereinto an
annual  amount  equal to $200 per  residential  unit per year for the purpose of
repairs,  maintenance and capital repairs. Said deposit shall be made monthly in
equal  installments.  Any balance remaining in the account at the time of a sale
of the Apartment Housing shall be allocated and distributed  equally between the
General Partner and the Limited Partner.

         Section 8.2 Tax and Insurance Account. The Partnership, shall establish
a tax and  insurance  account  ("T & I  Account")  for the purpose of making the
requisite  Insurance  premium  payments  and the real estate tax  payments.  The
annual  deposit  to the T & I Account  shall  equal the total  annual  Insurance
payment  and the total  annual  real estate tax  payment.  Said amount  shall be
deposited monthly in equal installments.  Withdrawals from such account shall be
made only for its intended purpose.  Any balance remaining in the account at the
time of a sale of the  Apartment  Housing  shall be  allocated  and  distributed
equally between the General Partner and the Limited Partner.

         Section 8.3 Program Reserve Account.  The Partnership shall establish a
program reserve account with MHDC from funds referenced in Section 7.2(b)(3) for
the purpose of funding the annual  costs of the after school care  program,  the
program planning consultant  ("Program  Planning"),  miscellaneous  supplies and
equipment, and computer software and maintenance for a minimum of five years.

         Section 8.4 Other Reserves.  The General Partner,  may establish out of
funds  available to the  Partnership  a reserve  account  sufficient in its sole
discretion to pay any unforeseen  contingencies  which might arise in connection

                                       29
<PAGE>

with the furtherance of the Partnership business including,  but not limited to,
(a) any rent subsidy required to maintain rent levels in compliance with the Tax
Credit  Conditions;  and (b) any real estate taxes,  Insurance,  debt service or
other payments for which other funds are not provided for hereunder or otherwise
expected to be available to the  Partnership.  The General  Partner shall not be
liable  for any  good-faith  estimate  which it shall  make in  connection  with
establishing  or maintaining  any such reserves nor shall the General Partner be
required to establish or maintain any such reserves if, in its sole  discretion,
such reserves do not appear to be necessary.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                             MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL

         Section 9.1 Power and  Authority  of  General  Partner.  Subject to the
Consent of the Special  Limited  Partner and the Consent of the Limited  Partner
where  required  by this  Agreement,  and subject to the other  limitations  and
restrictions included in this Agreement, the General Partner shall have complete
and  exclusive  control  over the  management  of the  Partnership  business and
affairs,  and  shall  have the  right,  power  and  authority,  on behalf of the
Partnership,  and in its  name,  to  exercise  all of  the  rights,  powers  and
authority of a partner of a partnership  without limited  partners.  If there is
more than one  General  Partner,  the  decision of a majority in Interest of the
General  Partner shall be binding on all the General  Partner.  If there is more
than one General  Partner,  a majority  in  Interest of the General  Partner may
appoint a Managing  General Partner who shall  administer the day to day affairs
of the  Partnership  and shall make  decisions and take actions on behalf of the
Partnership  in  connection  therewith.   The  Managing  General  Partner  shall
regularly  consult with, and report to, the other General  Partners with respect
to its activities.  If the Managing  General Partner shall cease to be a General
Partner or shall resign as Managing General  Partner,  a majority in Interest of
the General  Partners  may choose a new  Managing  General  Partner.  No Limited
Partner  or  Special  Limited  Partner  (except  one who may  also be a  General
Partner,  and then only in its capacity as General  Partner  within the scope of
its authority  hereunder) shall have any right to be active in the management of
the Partnership's  business or investments or to exercise any control thereover,
nor have the right to bind the Partnership in any contract,  agreement,  promise
or  undertaking,  or to act in any way whatsoever with respect to the control or
conduct of the business of the  Partnership,  except as  otherwise  specifically
provided in this Agreement.

         Section 9.2 Payments to the General Partners and Others.

         (a) The Partnership shall pay to the Developer a Development Fee in the
amount of $475,500 in accordance with the Development Services Agreement entered
into by and between the Developer and the  Partnership  on the even date hereof.
The Development  Services Agreement provides,  in part, that the Development Fee

                                       30
<PAGE>

shall first be paid from available proceeds in accordance with Section 9.2(b) of
this Agreement and if not paid in full then the balance of the  Development  Fee
will be paid in accordance with Section 11.1 of this Agreement.

         (b) The  Partnership  shall  utilize  the  proceeds  from  the  Capital
Contributions paid pursuant to Section 7.2 and Section 7.5 of this Agreement for
development costs including, but not limited to, land costs, architectural fees,
survey and engineering costs,  financing costs, loan fees,  building  materials,
labor and $475,500 of the Development Fee. If any Capital Contribution  proceeds
are remaining  after  Completion of  Construction  and all  construction  costs,
excluding the unpaid Development Fee, are paid in full and the Construction Loan
retired,  then the remainder shall: first be paid to the Developer in payment of
the unpaid Development Fee; second be paid to the General Partner as a reduction
of the  General  Partner's  Capital  Contribution;  and  any  remaining  Capital
Contribution  proceeds  shall be paid to the  General  Partner as a  Partnership
oversight fee.

         (c) The  Partnership  shall  pay to the  Management  Agent  a  property
management  fee for the leasing and  management of the  Apartment  Housing in an
amount in accordance with the Management  Agreement.  The term of the Management
Agreement shall not exceed three years. If the Management  Agent is an Affiliate
of the General  Partner then  commencing  with the  termination of the Operating
Deficit  Guarantee  Period,  in any year in which the  Apartment  Housing has an
Operating  Deficit,  40% of the  management  fee  will  be  deferred  ("Deferred
Management  Fee").  Deferred  Management  Fees,  if  any,  shall  be paid to the
Management Agent in accordance with Section 11.1 of this Agreement.

                  (1) The General  Partner shall,  upon receiving any request of
the Mortgage  lender  requesting such action,  dismiss the Management  Agent for
cause as the entity  responsible  for management of the Apartment  Housing under
the terms of the Management Agreement; or, the General Partner shall dismiss the
Management  Agent  at the  request  of  the  Special  Limited  Partner  if  such
Management  Agent  fails to provide or  inaccurately  provides  in any  material
respect,  the  information  required  in  Section  14.1,  14.2  and 14.3 of this
Agreement.

                  (2) The  appointment  of any  successor  Management  Agent  is
subject to the Consent of the Special Limited Partner,  which may only be sought
after the General Partner has provided the Special Limited Partner with accurate
and complete disclosure respecting the proposed Management Agent. The Consent of
the  Special  Limited  Partner  in  reference  to  this  Section  shall  not  be
unreasonably withheld.

         (d) The  Partnership  shall  pay to the  Limited  Partner  a  fee  (the
"Reporting Fee") commencing in 2001 equal to 15% of the remaining cash flow from
operations but in no event less than $1,000 for the Limited  Partner's  services
in monitoring the operations of the  Partnership  and for services in connection
with the Partnership's  accounting matters and assisting with the preparation of
tax  returns  and  the  reports  required  in  Sections  14.2  and  14.3 of this

                                       31
<PAGE>

Agreement.  The Reporting  Fee shall be payable  within  seventy-five  (75) days
following  each calendar year and shall be payable from remaining cash flow from
operating  in the  manner  and  priority  set  forth  in  Section  11.1  of this
Agreement;  provided,  however,  that if in any year  remaining  cash  flow from
operations is  insufficient  to pay the full $1,000,  the unpaid portion thereof
shall  accrue and be payable  on a  cumulative  basis in the first year in which
there is sufficient remaining cash flow from operations,  as provided in Section
11.1, or sufficient Sale or Refinancing Proceeds, as provided in Section 11.2.

         (e) The  Partnership  shall pay to the  General  Partner  an  Incentive
Management Fee equal to 70% of the remaining cash flow from  operations for each
fiscal year of the Partnership  commencing in 2001 for overseeing the marketing,
lease-up and continued occupancy of the Partnership's apartment units, obtaining
and  monitoring  the  Mortgage  Loan,  maintaining  the books and records of the
Partnership,   selecting  and   supervising   the   Partnership's   Accountants,
bookkeepers  and other Persons  required to prepare and audit the  Partnership's
financial statements and tax returns, and preparing and disseminating reports on
the status of the  Apartment  Housing  and the  Partnership,  all as required by
Article XIV of this  Agreement.  The  Partners  acknowledge  that the  Incentive
Management Fee is being paid as an inducement to the General  Partner to operate
the  Partnership  efficiently,  to maximize  occupancy  and to increase  the Net
Operating  Income.  The  Incentive   Management  Fee  shall  be  payable  within
seventy-five  (75) days  following  each calendar year and shall be payable from
Net  Operating  Income in the manner and priority set forth in Section  11.1. If
the  Incentive  Management  Fee is not paid in any year it shall not  accrue for
payment in subsequent years.

         (f) The Partnership shall pay $15,000 to Crestwood Building Associates,
Inc. as a one time  incentive fee for using its best efforts to obtain a  certi-
ficate  ofoccupancy  in 2001 in order to  allocated Tax Credits  during  2001 as
specified in Section 7.4 (d) of this Agreement.

         Section 9.3 Specific  Powers of the General  Partner.  Subject  to  the
other  provisions  of this Agreement, the General Partner, in  the Partnership's
name and on its behalf, may:

         (a) hold,  sell,  transfer,  lease  or  otherwise  deal  with any real,
personal  or  mixed  property,  interest  therein  or  appurtenance  thereto  in
accordance with this Agreement;

         (b) employ,  contract  and  otherwise  deal  with,  from  time to time,
Persons  whose  services  are  necessary  or  appropriate  in  connection   with
management  and  operation  of  the  Partnership  business,  including,  without
limitation,  contractors,  agents, brokers, Accountants and successor Management
Agents  (provided that the selection of any Accountant or Agent has received the
Consent of the Special  Limited  Partner)  and  attorneys,  on such terms as the
General Partner shall determine;

                                       32
<PAGE>

         (c) bring or defend,  pay, collect,  compromise,  arbitrate,  resort to
legal  action  or  otherwise   adjust  claims  or  demands  of  or  against  the
Partnership;

         (d) pay as  a  Partnership  expense  any  and all  costs  and  expenses
associated with the formation,  development,  organization  and operation of the
Partnership,  including  the  expense of annual  audits,  tax  returns and LIHTC
compliance;

         (e) deposit,   withdraw,   invest,  pay,  retain  and   distribute  the
Partnership's  funds  in  a  manner  consistent  with  the  provisions  of  this
Agreement;

         (f) execute the Construction Loan and the Mortgage; and

         (g) execute,  acknowledge  and  deliver  any  and  all  instruments  to
effectuate any of the foregoing.

         Section 9.4 Authority Requirements.  During  the   Compliance   Period,
the following provisions shall apply.

         (a) Each of the provisions of this  Agreement  shall be subject to, and
the  General  Partner  covenants  to act in  accordance  with,  the  Tax  Credit
Conditions and all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.

         (b) The Tax Credit  Conditions  and all such laws and  regulations,  as
amended  or  supplemented,  shall  govern  the  rights  and  obligations  of the
Partners,  their heirs,  executors,  administrators,  successor and assigns, and
they shall  control  as to any terms in this  Agreement  which are  inconsistent
therewith,   and  any  such  inconsistent  terms  of  this  Agreement  shall  be
unenforceable by or against any of the Partners.

         (c) Upon any  dissolution  of the  Partnership  or any  transfer of the
Apartment  Housing,  no  title or right to the  possession  and  control  of the
Apartment  Housing  and no right to  collect  rent  therefrom  shall pass to any
Person who is not, or does not become,  bound by the Tax Credit  Conditions in a
manner  that,  in the  opinion  of  counsel to the  Partnership,  would  avoid a
recapture of Tax Credits thereof on the part of the former owners.

         (d) Any  conveyance  or  transfer of title to all or any portion of the
Apartment  Housing  required  or  permitted  under this  Agreement  shall in all
respects be subject to the Tax Credit  Conditions and all conditions,  approvals
or other  requirements of the rules and regulations of any authority  applicable
thereto.

         Section 9.5 Limitations on General Partner's Power and Authority.  Not-
withstanding the provisions of this Article IX, the General Partner shall not:

                                       33
<PAGE>

         (a) except as required by Section 9.4,  act  in contravention  of  this
Agreement;

         (b) act in any manner  which would make it  impossible  to carry on the
ordinary business of the Partnership;

         (c) confess a judgment against the Partnership;

         (d) possess  Partnership  property,  or assign the  Partner's  right in
specific  Partnership  property,  for other  than the  exclusive  benefit of the
Partnership;

         (e) admit a Person  as a  General Partner  except  as  provided in this
Agreement;

         (f) admit a Person as a Limited  Partner,  Missouri  Limited Partner or
Special Limited Partner except as provided in this Agreement;

         (g) violate any provision of the Mortgage;

         (h) cause the Apartment  Housing apartment units to be rented to anyone
other than Qualified Tenants;

         (i) violate the Minimum Set-Aside Test or the Rent Restriction Test for
the Apartment Housing;

         (j) cause any recapture of the Tax Credits;

         (k) permit any creditor who makes a nonrecourse loan to the Partnership
to have,  or to acquire at any time as a result of making such loan,  any direct
or indirect  interest in the profits,  income,  capital or other property of the
Partnership, other than as a secured creditor;

         (l) commingle funds of the Partnership with the funds  of  another Per-
son; or

         (m) take any action which  requires the Consent of the Special  Limited
Partner or the Consent of the Limited  Partner or the Missouri  Limited  Partner
unless the General Partner has received said Consent.

         Section 9.6 Restrictions on Authority of General Partner.  Without Con-
sent of the Special Limited Partner, the General Partner shall not:

         (a) sell, exchange, lease or otherwise dispose  of the Apartment  Hous-
ing;

         (b) incur  indebtedness  other than the Construction  Loan and Mortgage
Loan in the name of the  Partnership,  other than in the ordinary  course of the
Partnership's business;

                                       34
<PAGE>

         (c) engage  in  any  transaction  not  expressly  contemplated  by this
Agreement in which the General  Partner has an actual or  potential  conflict of
interest with the Limited  Partner,  the Missouri Limited Partner or the Special
Limited Partner;

         (d) contract away the fiduciary duty owed to the Limited  Partner,  the
Missouri Limited Partner and the Special Limited Partner at common law;

         (e) take any action which would cause the Apartment  Housing to fail to
qualify,   or  which  would  cause  a  termination  or   discontinuance  of  the
qualification  of the  Apartment  Housing,  as a "qualified  low income  housing
project"  under  Section  42(g)(1)  of the Code,  as amended,  or any  successor
thereto,  or which  would  cause  the  Limited  Partner  to fail to  obtain  the
Projected Tax Credits or which would cause the recapture of any LIHTC;  or which
would  cause  the  Missouri  Limited  Partner  to fail to obtain  the  Projected
Missouri  Tax Credits or which would cause the  recapture  of any  Missouri  Tax
Credits;

         (f) cause the merger or other reorganization of the Partnership;

         (g) dissolve the Partnership, except as provided in this Agreement;

         (h) acquire any real or personal  property  (tangible or intangible) in
addition to the  Apartment  Housing the  aggregate  value of which shall  exceed
$10,000 (other than easement or similar rights  necessary or appropriate for the
operation of the Apartment Housing);

         (i) become  personally  liable on or in respect of, or  guarantee,  the
Mortgage or any other mortgage indebtedness of the Partnership;

         (j) pay any salary,  fees or other compensation to a General Partner or
any  Affiliate  thereof,  except as  authorized  by Section  9.2 and Section 9.8
hereof or specifically provided for in this Agreement;

         (k) cause the Partnership to redeem or repurchase all or any portion of
the Interest of a Partner except as otherwise provided in this Agreement;

         (l) cause the Partnership to convert the Apartment Housing to  coopera-
tive or condominium  ownership; or

         (m) cause or  permit  the  Partnership  to make  loans to  the  General
Partner or any Affiliate.

         Section 9.7 Duties of General  Partner.  The  General  Partner   agrees
that it shall at all times:

         (a) diligently  and faithfully  devote such of its time to the business
of the  Partnership as may be necessary to properly  conduct  the affairs of the
Partnership;

                                       35
<PAGE>

         (b) file and publish all certificates,  statements or other instruments
required by law for the formation and operation of the  Partnership as a limited
partnership in all appropriate jurisdictions;

         (c) cause the Partnership to carry Insurance from an Insurance Company;

         (d) have a fiduciary  responsibility for the safekeeping and use of all
funds and assets of the Partnership,  whether or not in its immediate possession
or control  and not employ or permit  another to employ  such funds or assets in
any manner except for the benefit of the Partnership;

         (e) use its best  efforts so that all  requirements  shall be met which
are reasonably  necessary to obtain or achieve (1)  compliance  with the Minimum
Set-Aside Test, the Rent Restriction Test, and any other requirements  necessary
for the Apartment Housing to initially qualify,  and to continue to qualify, for
LIHTC and Missouri Tax Credits;  (2) issuance of all necessary  certificates  of
occupancy,  including all governmental approvals required to permit occupancy of
all of the apartment  units in the Apartment  Housing;  (3) compliance  with all
provisions  of the Project  Documents and (4) a  reservation  and  allocation of
LIHTC and Missouri Tax Credits from the State Tax Credit Agency;

         (f) use reasonable  efforts to assure that the Apartment  Housing is in
decent,  safe, sanitary and good condition,  repair and working order,  ordinary
use and  obsolescence  excepted,  and make or cause to be made from time to time
all necessary repairs thereto  (including  external and structural  repairs) and
renewals and replacements thereof;

         (g) pay from Partnership funds, before the same shall become delinquent
and before penalties accrue thereon all Partnership taxes, assessments and other
governmental  charges against the Partnership or its properties,  and all of its
other  liabilities,  except  to the  extent  and so long as the same  are  being
contested  in good faith by  appropriate  proceedings  in such manners as not to
cause any  material  adverse  effect on the  Partnership's  property,  financial
condition  or business  operations,  with  adequate  reserves  provided for such
payments;

         (h) permit,  and cause the  Management  Agent to permit,  the   Special
Limited  Partner and its  representatives:  (1) to have access to the  Apartment
Housing and personnel employed by the Partnership and by the Management Agent at
all times during normal business hours after reasonable  notice;  (2) to examine
all agreements, LIHTC and Missouri Limited Partner compliance data and Plans and
Specifications; and (3) to make copies thereof;

         (i) exercise  good faith in all  activities  relating to the conduct of
the  business of the  Partnership,  including  the  development,  operation  and
maintenance of the Apartment  Housing,  and shall take no action with respect to

                                       36
<PAGE>

the business and property of the Partnership which is not reasonably  related to
the achievement of the purpose of the Partnership;

         (j) make any Capital  Contributions,  advances or loans  required to be
made by the General Partner under the terms of this Agreement;

         (k) establish and maintain all reserves  required to be established and
maintained under the terms of this Agreement;

         (l) cause the Management Agent to manage the Apartment  Housing in such
a manner  that the  Apartment  Housing  will be  eligible  to receive  LIHTC and
Missouri  Tax  Credits  with  respect  to 100%  of the  apartment  units  in the
Apartment Housing. To that end, the General Partner agrees,  without limitation:
(1) to make all elections requested by the Special Limited Partner under Section
42 of the Code or the RsMO to allow the Partnership or its Partners to claim the
Tax  Credit;  (2) to file Form 8609 with  respect  to the  Apartment  Housing as
required, for at least the duration of the Compliance Period; (3) to operate the
Apartment Housing and cause the Management Agent to manage the Apartment Housing
so as to  comply  with  the  requirements  of  Section  42 of the  Code  and the
requirements  of the RsMO,  (4) to make all  certifications  required by Section
42(l) of the Code, or the RsMO, or any  successors  thereto;  and (5) to operate
the Apartment Housing as to comply with all other Tax Credit Conditions; and

         (m) perform  such other acts as may be  expressly  required of it under
the terms of this Agreement.

         Section 9.8 Obligations to Repair and Rebuild Apartment  Housing.  With
the approval of any lender, if such approval is required, any Insurance proceeds
received  by the  Partnership  due to  fire  or  other  casualty  affecting  the
Apartment  Housing will be utilized to repair and rebuild the Apartment  Housing
in satisfaction of the conditions  contained in Section 42(j)(4) of the Code and
to the extent required by any lender.  Any such proceeds  received in respect of
such event  occurring  after the  Compliance  Period shall be so utilized or, if
permitted by the Project  Documents and with the Consent of the Special  Limited
Partner, shall be treated as Sale or Refinancing Proceeds.

         Section 9.9 Partnership Expenses.

         (a) All of the  Partnership's  expenses shall be billed directly to and
paid by the Partnership to the extent practicable. Reimbursements to the General
Partner, or any of its Affiliates,  by the Partnership shall be allowed only for
the  Partnership's  Cash Expenses unless the General Partner is obligated to pay
the same as an Operating  Deficit during the Operating Deficit Guarantee Period,
and subject to the limitations on the  reimbursement  of such expenses set forth
herein.  For purposes of this Section,  Cash Expenses shall include fees paid by
the  Partnership to the General  Partner or any Affiliate of the General Partner
permitted  by  this  Agreement  and the  actual  cost of  goods,  materials  and

                                       37
<PAGE>

administrative services used for or by the Partnership,  whether incurred by the
General Partner,  an Affiliate of the General Partner or a nonaffiliated  Person
in  performing  the  foregoing  functions.  As used in the  preceding  sentence,
"actual  cost of goods  and  materials"  means  the  actual  cost of  goods  and
materials  used for or by the  Partnership  and obtained from entities which are
not  Affiliates  of the  General  Partner,  and  actual  cost of  administrative
services means the pro rata cost of personnel (as if such persons were employees
of the Partnership)  associated therewith,  but in no event to exceed the amount
which  would be  charged  by  nonaffiliated  Persons  for  comparable  goods and
services.  Notwithstanding,   the  "actual  cost  of  goods  and  services"  and
"administrative  services"  includes a profit payable to the General  Partner or
affiliate  in an  amount  not to  exceed an amount  which  would be  charged  by
nonaffiliated persons for comparable goods and services.

         (b) Reimbursement  to the General  Partner or any  of its Affiliates of
operating  cash expenses  pursuant to Subsection  (a) hereof shall be subject to
the following:

                  (1) no such reimbursement  shall be permitted for services for
which the General  Partner or any of its Affiliates is entitled to  compensation
by way of a separate fee; and

                  (2) no  such  reimbursement  shall  be made  for  (A)  rent or
depreciation,  utilities,  capital equipment or other such administrative items,
and (B) salaries,  fringe  benefits,  travel  expenses and other  administrative
items incurred or allocated to any  "controlling  person" of the General Partner
or any  Affiliate  of the General  Partner.  For the  purposes  of this  Section
9.9(b)(2),  "controlling  person"  includes,  but is not limited to, any Person,
however titled,  who performs functions for the General Partner or any Affiliate
of the General  Partner similar to those of: (i) chairman or member of the board
of directors;  (ii) executive management,  such as president,  vice president or
executive  vice  president,  corporate  secretary  or  treasurer;  (iii)  senior
management,  such as the vice  president  of an  operating  division who reports
directly  to  executive  management;  or (iv) those  holding  5% or more  equity
interest in such General Partner or any such Affiliate of the General Partner or
a person  having  the power to direct or cause  the  direction  of such  General
Partner or any such  Affiliate  of the  General  Partner,  whether  through  the
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

         (c) Anything  in   the  Partnership    Agreement   to   the   contrary
notwithstanding,  the  developer  is  authorized  to  obtain  the  Partnership's
property  and casualty  Insurance  through  Chubb Group of Insurance  Companies,
which is reinsured by Rural Housing Reinsurance Company International,  Ltd., an
entity in which the principle of the developer is a shareholder.

         Section 9.10 General  Partner   Expenses.   The   General  Partner   or
Affiliates of the General Partner shall pay all  Partnership  expenses which are
not  permitted to be reimbursed  pursuant to Section 9.9 and all expenses  which
are unrelated to the business of the Partnership.

                                       38
<PAGE>

         Section 9.11 Other  Business  of  Partners.  Any  Partner   may  engage
independently or with others in other business  ventures wholly unrelated to the
Partnership  business  of  every  nature  and  description,  including,  without
limitation, the acquisition, development, construction, operation and management
of real estate projects and developments of every type on their own behalf or on
behalf of other  partnerships,  joint  ventures,  corporations or other business
ventures  formed  by them or in  which  they may  have an  interest,  including,
without  limitation,  business  ventures  similar to, related to or in direct or
indirect competition with the Apartment Housing. Neither the Partnership nor any
Partner  shall  have any right by virtue of this  Agreement  or the  partnership
relationship created hereby in or to such other ventures or activities or to the
income or  proceeds  derived  therefrom.  Conversely,  no Person  shall have any
rights to  Partnership  assets,  incomes  or  proceeds  by virtue of such  other
ventures or activities of any Partner.

         Section 9.12 Covenants,  Representations  and  Warranties.  The General
Partner  covenants,  represents  and warrants  that the  following are presently
true, will be true at the time of each Capital  Contribution payment made by the
Limited  Partner and the  Missouri  Limited  Partner and will be true during the
term of this Agreement, to the extent then applicable.

         (a) The  Partnership is a duly organized  limited  partnership  validly
existing  under  the  laws  of the  State  and  has  complied  with  all  filing
requirements  necessary  for the  protection  of the  limited  liability  of the
Limited Partner, the Missouri Limited Partner and the Special Limited Partner.

         (b) The  Partnership  Agreement  and the Project  Documents are in full
force and effect and  neither  the  Partnership  nor the  General  Partner is in
breach or violation of any material provisions thereof.

         (c) Improvements  will be completed in  a timely and workerlike  manner
substantially in accordance with all applicable  requirements of all appropriate
governmental entities and the Plans and Specifications of the Apartment Housing.

         (d) Additional  Improvements on the Project,  if any shall be completed
substantially  in  conformity  with  Plans and  Specifications  approved  by the
Special Limited Partner.

         (e) All  conditions to the funding of the  Construction  Loan have been
met.

         (f) The  Apartment  Housing  is  being  operated  in  accordance   with
standards  and  procedures  which are prudent and customary for the operation of
properties similar to the Apartment Housing.

                                       39
<PAGE>

         (g) No Partner has or will have any personal  liability with respect to
or has or will have personally guaranteed the payment of the Mortgage.

         (h) The Partnership is in compliance in all material  respects with all
construction  and use codes  applicable to the  Apartment  Housing and is not in
violation  in any  material  respect  of any  zoning,  environmental  or similar
regulations applicable to the Apartment Housing.

         (i) All  appropriate  public  utilities,  including  sanitary and storm
sewers,  water,  gas  and  electricity,  are  currently  available  and  will be
operating  properly for all units in the Apartment  Housing at the time of first
occupancy and throughout the term of the Partnership.

         (j) All roads  necessary for the full  utilization of the  Improvements
have either been  completed or the necessary  rights of way therefore  have been
acquired by the  appropriate  governmental  authority or have been  dedicated to
public use and accepted by said governmental authority.

         (k) The  Partnership  has  obtained  Insurance  written by an Insurance
Company.

         (l) The  Partnership  owns the fee  simple  interest  in the  Apartment
Housing.

         (m) The  Construction  Contract  has  been  entered  into  between  the
Partnership and the Contractor;  no other  consideration or fee shall be paid to
the Contractor other than amounts set forth in the Construction Contract.

         (n) The  Partnership  will  require  the  Accountant  to depreciate the
Improvements  over a 27 1/2 year  term.  Site  work,  landscaping  and  personal
property (cabinets, appliances, carpet and window coverings) shall be broken out
separately  from  Improvements  and  depreciated  over 7 years  using  the  cost
recovery system, mid-year 200% declining balance depreciation method.

         (o) To the best of the General  Partner's  knowledge:  (1) no Hazardous
Substance  has been disposed of, or released to or from, or otherwise now exists
in,  on,  under or around,  the  Apartment  Housing  and (2) no  aboveground  or
underground  storage  tanks are now or have ever  been  located  on or under the
Apartment Housing. The General Partner will not install or allow to be installed
any  aboveground  or  underground  storage tanks on the Apartment  Housing.  The
General  Partner  covenants  that the  Apartment  Housing  shall be kept free of
Hazardous  Substance  and shall not be used to  generate,  manufacture,  refine,
transport,  treat,  store,  handle,  dispose  of,  transfer,  produce or process
Hazardous  Substance,  except in  connection  with the  normal  maintenance  and
operation of any portion of the  Apartment  Housing.  The General  Partner shall

                                       40
<PAGE>

comply, or cause there to be compliance,  with all applicable Federal, state and
local  laws,  ordinances,  rules  and  regulations  with  respect  to  Hazardous
Substance  and shall keep, or cause to be kept,  the Apartment  Housing free and
clear  of any  liens  imposed  pursuant  to such  laws,  ordinances,  rules  and
regulations.  The General  Partner  must  promptly  notify the Limited  Partner,
Missouri  Limited  Partner and the Special  Limited Partner in writing (3) if it
knows, or suspects or believes there may be any Hazardous Substance in or around
any part of the Apartment Housing, any Improvements constructed on the Apartment
Housing,  or the soil,  groundwater or soil vapor, (4) if the General Partner or
the Partnership may be subject to any threatened or pending investigation by any
governmental  agency under any law,  regulation  or ordinance  pertaining to any
Hazardous  Substance,  and (5) of any claim made or  threatened  by any  Person,
other than a governmental  agency,  against the  Partnership or General  Partner
arising  out of or  resulting  from any  Hazardous  Substance  being  present or
released in, on or around any part of the Apartment Housing.

         (p) The  General  Partner  has not  executed  and will not  execute any
agreements with provisions contradictory to, or in opposition to, the provisions
of this Agreement.

         (q) The Partnership  will allocate to the Limited Partner the Projected
Annual Tax Credits, or the Revised Projected Tax Credits, if applicable, and the
Partnership  will allocate tot he Missouri  Limited Partner the Projected Annual
Missouri  Tax  Credits,  or the  Revised  Projected  Missouri  Tax  Credits,  if
applicable.

         (r) No  charges,  liens  or  encumbrances  exist  with  respect  to the
Apartment Housing other than those which are created or permitted by the Project
Documents or Mortgage or are noted or excepted in the Title Policy.

         (s) The  buildings on the  Apartment  Housing site  constitute or shall
constitute a "qualified  low-income housing project" as defined in Section 42(g)
of the Code, and as amplified by the Treasury  Regulations  thereunder.  In this
connection,  not later than  December 31 of the first year in which the Partners
elect the LIHTC to commence in accordance  with the Code, the Apartment  Housing
will satisfy the Minimum Set-Aside Test.

         (t) All  accounts  of   the   Partnership  required  to  be  maintained
under the terms of the Project Documents,  including,  without  limitation,  any
reserves in  accordance  with  Article  VIII  hereof,  are  currently  funded to
required levels, including levels required by any authority.

         (u) The General Partner has not lent or otherwise advanced any funds to
the Partnership other than its Capital Contribution,  or Operating Deficit Loan,
if applicable,  and the  Partnership  has no unsatisfied  obligation to make any
payments of any kind to the General Partner or any Affiliate thereof.

                                       41
<PAGE>

         (v) No event has occurred which  constitutes a default under any of the
Project Documents.

         (w) No event has occurred which has caused, and the General Partner has
not acted in any manner which will cause (1) the  Partnership  to be treated for
federal income tax purposes as an association taxable as a corporation,  (2) the
Partnership  to fail to qualify as a limited  partnership  under the Act, or (3)
the Limited Partner or the Missouri Limited Partner to be liable for Partnership
obligations;  provided  however,  the General  Partner shall not be in breach of
this  representation  if all or a portion of a Limited Partner's or the Missouri
Limited  Partner's  agreed upon  Capital  Contributions  are used to satisfy the
Partnership's obligations to creditors of the Partnership and such action by the
General  Partner is otherwise  authorized  under this  Agreement  and;  provided
further,   however,  the  General  Partner  shall  not  be  in  breach  of  this
representation  if the action  causing the Limited  Partner to be liable for the
Partnership  obligations  is undertaken by the Limited  Partner or if the action
causing  the  Missouri   Limited  Partner  to  be  liable  for  the  Partnership
obligations is undertaken by the Missouri Limited Partner.

         (x) No event or  proceeding,  including,  but not limited to, any legal
actions or  proceedings  before any court,  commission,  administrative  body or
other  governmental  authority,  and acts of any  governmental  authority having
jurisdiction  over  the  zoning  or land use laws  applicable  to the  Apartment
Housing,  has occurred the  continuing  effect of which has: (1)  materially  or
adversely  affected the operation of the  Partnership or the Apartment  Housing;
(2)  materially  or  adversely  affected  the ability of the General  Partner to
perform its  obligations  hereunder or under any other agreement with respect to
the Apartment  Housing;  or (3) prevented the completion of  construction of the
Improvements in substantial  conformity with the Project  Documents,  other than
legal  proceedings which have been bonded against (or as to which other adequate
financial  security has been issued) in a manner as to indemnify the Partnership
against loss;  provided,  however,  the  foregoing  does not apply to matters of
general applicability which would adversely affect the Partnership,  the General
Partner, Affiliates of the General Partner or the Apartment Housing only insofar
as they or any of them are part of the general public.

         (y) Neither  the   Partnership   nor  the  General   Partner  has   any
liabilities,  contingent or otherwise,  which have not been disclosed in writing
to the Limited Partner, Missouri Limited Partner and the Special Limited Partner
and which in the  aggregate  affect the ability of the  Limited  Partner and the
Missouri Limited Partner to obtain the anticipated benefits of its investment in
the Partnership.

         (z) The General  Partner has and shall maintain a net worth equal to at
least  $1,000,000  computed in accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting
principles.

                                       42
<PAGE>

         The  General  Partner  shall be liable to the  Limited  Partner and the
Missouri Limited Partner for any costs, damages, loss of profits,  diminution in
the value of its investment in the Partnership, or other losses, of every nature
and kind  whatsoever,  direct or  indirect,  realized or incurred by the Limited
Partner or the Missouri  Limited  Partner as a result of any material  breach of
the representations and warranties set forth in this Section 9.12.

                                    ARTICLE X

                    ALLOCATIONS OF INCOME, LOSSES AND CREDITS

         Section 10.1 General. All items includable in the calculation of Income
or Loss not arising from a Sale or  Refinancing,  and all Tax Credits,  shall be
allocated  99.97%  to  the  Limited  Partner,  0.01%  to  the  Missouri  Limited
Partner, 0.01% to the Special Limited Partner, and 0.01% to the General Partner.
Any and all  Missouri Tax Credits  shall be  allocated  to the Missouri  Limited
Partner.  Missouri Tax Credits are those Tax Credits under the State of Missouri
Tax Code deductible from income tax, otherwise payable to the State of Missouri.

         Section 10.2 Allocations  From  Sale  or  Refinancing.  All  Income and
Losses  arising  from a Sale or  Refinancing  shall  be  allocated  between  the
Partners as follows:

         (a) As to Income:

                  (1) first, an amount of Income equal to the aggregate negative
balances  (if any) in the  Capital  Accounts  of all  Partners  having  negative
Capital  Accounts  (prior to taking into account the Sale or Refinancing and the
Distribution  of the related  Sale or  Refinancing  Proceeds,  but after  giving
effect to  Distributions of Net Operating Income and allocations of other Income
and Losses pursuant to this Article X up to the date of the Sale or Refinancing)
shall be allocated to such  Partners in  proportion  to their  negative  Capital
Account balances until all such Capital Accounts shall have zero balances; and

                  (2) second,  the  balance,  if any,  of such  Income  shall be
allocated  64.98% to the Limited  Partner,  .01% to the Special Limited Partner,
35% to the General Partner and 0.01% to the Missouri Limited Partner.

         (b) Losses shall be allocated 99.97% to the  Limited  Partner, 0.01% to
the Missouri Limited Partner,  0.01% to the Special Limited Partner and 0.01% to
the General Partner.

         (c) Notwithstanding  the foregoing  provisions of  Section  10.2(a) and
(b), in no event  shall any Losses be  allocated  to the Limited  Partner or the
Special Limited  Partner if and to the extent that such allocation  would create
or increase an Adjusted  Capital  Account Deficit for the Limited Partner or the
Special  Limited  Partner  or the  Missouri  Limited  Partner.  In the  event an
allocation  of 99.97%,  0.01%, 0.01% or 0.01% of each  item  includable  in  the

                                       43
<PAGE>

calculation  of Income or Loss not  arising  from a Sale or  Refinancing,  would
create or increase an Adjusted  Capital  Account Deficit for the Limited Partner
or the  Special  Limited  Partner,  respectively,  then so much of the  items of
deduction  other than projected  depreciation  shall be allocated to the General
Partner  instead of the Limited  Partner or the Special  Limited  Partner or the
Missouri Limited Partner and as is necessary to allow the Limited  Partner,  the
Special  Limited  Partner  or  the  Missouri  Limited  Partner  to be  allocated
99.97%,  0.01%, 0.01% and 0.01%,  respectively,  of  the  items  of  Income  and
Apartment  Housing  depreciation  without  creating  or  increasing  an Adjusted
Capital Account Deficit for the Limited Partner,  the Special Limited Partner or
the  Missouri  Limited  Partner,  it being the  intent of the  parties  that the
Limited  Partner,  the Special Limited Partner and the Missouri  Limited Partner
always shall be allocated 99.98%, 0.01%, 0.01% and 0.01%,  respectively,  of the
items  of  Income  not  arising  from a Sale or Refinancing and  99.97%,  0.01%,
0.01% and 0.01%, respectively, of the Apartment Housing depreciation.

         Section 10.3 Special  Allocations. The following  special   allocations
shall be made in the following order.

         (a) Except as otherwise  provided in Section 1.704-2(f) of the Treasury
Regulations, notwithstanding any other provisions of this Article X, if there is
a net decrease in Partnership  Minimum Gain during any Partnership  fiscal year,
each Partner shall be specially  allocated items of Partnership  income and gain
for such fiscal year (and, if necessary,  subsequent  fiscal years) in an amount
equal to such Person's  share of the net decrease in  Partnership  Minimum Gain,
determined  in  accordance  with  Treasury   Regulations   Section   1.704-2(g).
Allocations pursuant to the previous sentence shall be made in proportion to the
respective  amounts required to be allocated to each Partner  pursuant  thereto.
The items to be so allocated  shall be  determined  in  accordance  with Section
1.704-2(f)(6)  and  1.704-2(j)(2)  of the  Treasury  Regulations.  This  Section
10.3(a) is intended to comply with the minimum gain  chargeback  requirement  in
Section  1.704-2(f)  of  the  Treasury  Regulations  and  shall  be  interpreted
consistently therewith.

         (b) Except as  otherwise  provided  in  Section  1.704-2(i)(4)  of  the
Treasury Regulations,  notwithstanding any other provision of this Article X, if
there is a net decrease in Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain attributable to
a Partner  Nonrecourse Debt during any Partnership  fiscal year, each Person who
has a share of the Partner  Nonrecourse  Debt Minimum Gain  attributable to such
Partner Nonrecourse Debt, determined in accordance with Section 1.704-2(i)(5) of
the Treasury  Regulations,  shall be specially  allocated  items of  Partnership
income and gain for such  fiscal  year (and,  if  necessary,  subsequent  fiscal
years) in an amount equal to such Person's  share of the net decrease in Partner
Nonrecourse  Debt Minimum Gain  attributable to such Partner  Nonrecourse  Debt,
determined  in  accordance  with  Treasury  Regulations  Section  1.704-2(i)(4).
Allocations pursuant to the previous sentence shall be made in proportion to the
respective  amounts required to be allocated to each Partner  pursuant  thereto.

                                       44
<PAGE>

The items to be so allocated  shall be determined  in  accordance  with Sections
1.704-2(i)(4)  and  1.704-2(j)(2)  of the  Treasury  Regulations.  This  Section
10.3(b) is intended to comply with the minimum gain  chargeback  requirement  in
Section  1.704-2(i)(4)  of the  Treasury  Regulations  and shall be  interpreted
consistently therewith.

         (c) In the event any Partner  unexpectedly  receives  any  adjustments,
allocations,   or  distributions   described  in  Treasury  Regulations  Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4),    Section    1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5),    or    Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6), items of Partnership income and gain shall be specially
allocated to each such Partner in an amount and manner  sufficient to eliminate,
to the extent required by the Treasury Regulations, the Adjusted Capital Account
Deficit of such  Partner as quickly as  possible,  provided  that an  allocation
pursuant to this  Section  10.3(c)  shall be made if and only to the extent that
such Partner  would have an Adjusted  Capital  Account  Deficit  after all other
allocations  provided for in this Section 10.3 have been  tentatively made as if
this Section 10.3(c) were not in the Agreement.

         (d) In the event any Partner has a deficit  Capital  Account at the end
of any  Partnership  fiscal year which is in excess of the sum of (i) the amount
such Partner is obligated to restore, and (ii) the amount such Partner is deemed
to be obligated  to restore  pursuant to the  penultimate  sentences of Treasury
Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5), each such Partner shall be
specially  allocated items of Partnership  income and gain in the amount of such
excess as quickly as  possible,  provided  that an  allocation  pursuant to this
Section  10.3(d) shall be made if and only to the extent that such Partner would
have a deficit Capital Account in excess of such sum after all other allocations
provided for in this Section 10.3 have been  tentatively made as if this Section
10.3(d) and Section 10.3(c) hereof were not in the Agreement.

         (e) Nonrecourse  Deductions  for any fiscal  year  shall  be  specially
allocated  99.97%  to  the  Limited  Partner,  0.01%  to   the  Special  Limited
Partner, 0.01% to the Missouri Limited Partner and 0.01% to the General Partner.

         (f) Any  Partner  Nonrecourse  Deductions  for any fiscal year shall be
specially  allocated  to the  Partner who bears the  economic  risk of loss with
respect  to the  Partner  Nonrecourse  Debt to which  such  Partner  Nonrecourse
Deductions are  attributable  in accordance  with Treasury  Regulations  Section
1.704-2(i)(1).

         (g) To the  extent  an  adjustment  to the  adjusted  tax  basis of any
Partnership  asset  pursuant to Code Section  734(b) or Code  Section  743(b) is
required,  pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section  1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(2)  or
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4), to be taken into account in determining Capital
Accounts as the result of a distribution to a Partner in complete liquidation of
his interest in the  Partnership,  the amount of such  adjustment to the Capital

                                       45
<PAGE>

Accounts  shall be treated as an item of gain (if the  adjustment  increases the
basis of the asset) or loss (if the  adjustment  decreases  such basis) and such
gain or loss shall be specially  allocated to the  Partners in  accordance  with
their  interests  in the  Partnership  in the event  that  Treasury  Regulations
Section  1.704-1  (b)(2)(iv)(m)(2)  applies,  or to the  Partner  to  whom  such
distribution   was  made  in  the  event  that  Treasury   Regulations   Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4) applies.

         (h) To the extent the  Partnership  has  taxable  interest  income with
respect to any  promissory  note pursuant to Section 483 or Section 1271 through
1288 of the Code:

                  (1) such interest  income shall be specially  allocated to the
Limited Partner to whom such promissory note relates; and

                  (2) the amount of such interest  income shall be excluded from
the  Capital  Contributions  credited  to  such  Partner's  Capital  Account  in
connection with payments of principal with respect to such promissory note.

         (i) In the event the  adjusted tax basis of any  investment  tax credit
property  that has been  placed  in  service  by the  Partnership  is  increased
pursuant to Code Section 50(c), such increase shall be specially allocated among
the  Partners  (as an  item  in the  nature  of  income  or  gain)  in the  same
proportions as the investment tax credit that is recaptured with respect to such
property is shared among the Partners.

         (j) Any  reduction in the  adjusted tax basis (or cost) of  Partnership
investment tax credit property pursuant to Code Section 50(c) shall be specially
allocated among the Partners (as an item in the nature of expenses or losses) in
the same  proportions  as the  basis  (or cost) of such  property  is  allocated
pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.46-3(f)(2)(i).

         (k) Any  income,  gain,  loss or  deduction  realized  as a  direct  or
indirect  result  of the  issuance  of an  interest  in the  Partnership  by the
Partnership  to a Partner (the  "Issuance  Items") shall be allocated  among the
Partners so that, to the extent possible, the net amount of such Issuance Items,
together with all other allocations under this Agreement to each Partner,  shall
be equal to the net amount that would have been  allocated  to each such Partner
if the Issuance Items had not been realized.

         (l) If any  Partnership  expenditure  treated  as  a  deduction  on its
federal  income  tax  return is  disallowed  as a  deduction  and  treated  as a
distribution  pursuant to Section  731(a) of the Code,  there shall be a special
allocation  of  gross  income  to the  Partner  deemed  to  have  received  such
distribution equal to the amount of such distribution.

         (m) The  allocation  to the General  Partner of each  material  item of
Partnership  income,  loss,  deduction  or credit will not be less than 0.01% of

                                       46
<PAGE>

each such item at all times during the existence of the Partnership.

         (n) Interest deduction on the Partnership  indebtedness  referred to in
Section 6.3 shall be allocated 100% to the General Partner.

         (o) In the  event  all or  part  of  the  Incentive  Management  Fee is
disallowed  by the  Internal  Revenue  Service,  then  any  interest  or  income
chargeable to the  Partnership for such  disallowance  shall be allocated to the
General Partner.

         Section 10.4 Curative  Allocations.  The  allocations   set   forth  in
Sections 10.2(c),  10.3(a),  10.3(b),  10.3(c),  10.3(d),  10.3(e), 10.3(f), and
10.3(g)  hereof  (the  "Regulatory  Allocations")  are  intended  to comply with
certain  requirements  of the  Treasury  Regulations.  It is the  intent  of the
Partners  that, to the extent  possible,  all  Regulatory  Allocations  shall be
offset either with other Regulatory  Allocations or with special  allocations of
other items of Partnership  income,  gain,  loss, or deduction  pursuant to this
Section 10.4.  Therefore,  notwithstanding any other provision of this Article X
(other than the Regulatory Allocations), with the Consent of the Special Limited
Partner and the General Partner shall make such offsetting  special  allocations
of Partnership  income,  gain, loss, or deduction in whatever manner the General
Partner, with the Consent of the Special Limited Partner, determines appropriate
so that,  after such offsetting  allocations  are made,  each Partner's  Capital
Account balance is, to the extent possible, equal to the Capital Account balance
such Partner would have had if the Regulatory  Allocations  were not part of the
Agreement and all  Partnership  items were allocated  pursuant to Sections 10.1,
10.2(a),  10.2(b), 10.3(h), 10.3(i), 10.3(j), 10.3(k), 10.3(l), 10.3(m), 10.3(n)
and 10.5. In  exercising  its  authority  under this Section  10.4,  the General
Partner  shall take into account  future  Regulatory  Allocations  under Section
10.3(a) and 10.3(b)  that,  although  not yet made,  are likely to offset  other
Regulatory Allocations previously made under Sections 10.3(e) and 10.3(f).

         Section 10.5 Other Allocation Rules.

         (a) The  basis  (or  cost) of any  Partnership  investment  tax  credit
property  shall be allocated  among the  Partners in  accordance  with  Treasury
Regulations Section 1.46-3(f)(2)(i).  All Tax Credits (other than the investment
tax credit and the Missouri Tax Credit) shall be allocated among the Partners in
accordance  with applicable  law.  Consistent  with the foregoing,  the Partners
intend that  (1)  LIHTC  will  be   allocated  99.97%  to the  Limited  Partner,
0.01% to the Missouri Limited Partner,  0.01% to the Special Limited Partner and
0.01% to the General  Partner and (2) the Missouri Tax Credits will be allocated
100% to the Missouri Limited Partner.

         (b) In the event Partnership investment tax credit property is disposed
of during any taxable  year,  profits for such taxable year (and,  to the extent

                                       47
<PAGE>

such  profits are  insufficient,  profits for  subsequent  taxable  years) in an
amount  equal to the excess,  if any, of (1) the  reduction  in the adjusted tax
basis (or cost) of such property  pursuant to Code Section  50(c),  over (2) any
increase in the  adjusted  tax basis of such  property  pursuant to Code Section
50(c) caused by the  disposition  of such  property,  shall be excluded from the
profits allocated  pursuant to Section 10.1 and Section 10.2(a) hereof and shall
instead be allocated among the Partners in proportion to their respective shares
of such excess,  determined  pursuant to Section 10.3(i) and 10.3(j) hereof.  In
the event more than one item of such property is disposed of by the Partnership,
the foregoing  sentence shall apply to such items in the order in which they are
disposed of by the  Partnership,  so the profits  equal to the entire  amount of
such  excess  with  respect  to the first  such  property  disposed  of shall be
allocated  prior to any  allocations  with  respect to the second such  property
disposed of, and so forth.

         (c) For purposes of determining the Income,  Losses, or any other items
allocable  to any  period,  Income,  Losses,  and any such other  items shall be
determined  on a daily,  monthly,  or other basis,  as determined by the General
Partner with the Consent of the Special Limited  Partner,  using any permissible
method under Code Section 706 and the Treasury Regulations thereunder.

         (d) Solely for purposes of determining a Partner's  proportionate share
of the "excess nonrecourse liabilities" of the Partnership within the meaning of
Treasury Regulations Section 1.752-3(a)(3),  the Partners' interests in Partner-
ship  profits  are  as  follows:  Limited  Partner:  99.97%;   Missouri  Limited
Partner:  0.01%; Special Limited Partner: 0.01%; General Partner: 0.01%.

         (e) To the extent  permitted by Section  1.704-2(h)(3)  of the Treasury
Regulations, the General Partner shall endeavor to treat Distributions as having
been made from the proceeds of a Nonrecourse  Liability or a Partner Nonrecourse
Debt only to the extent  that such  Distributions  would  cause or  increase  an
Adjusted Capital Account Deficit for any Partner who is not a General Partner.

         (f) Tax Credits  shall  be  allocated  99.97%  to  the Limited Partner,
0.01% to the Missouri Limited Partner, 0.01% to the Special Limited Partner, and
0.01% to the  General  Partner.  In the event there  occurs a  recapture  of Tax
Credits  previously  allocated  to the  Partners,  the  responsibility  for  the
recapture  of such  Tax  Credits  shall  be  allocated  in  accordance  with the
requirements of the Code and the Treasury  Regulations;  namely, to the Partners
(if  permitted  by  applicable  law) who are or are deemed to be Partners in the
year in which such recapture  occurs,  in accordance with their interests in the
losses of the Partnership for that year. Missouri Tax Credits shall be allocated
100% to the Missouri Limited Partner,  which Missouri Limited Partner also shall
be allocated 100% of any recapture of Missouri Tax Credits.

                                       48
<PAGE>

         Section 10.6 Tax Allocations:  Code Section 704(c).  In accordance with
Code Section 704(c) and the Treasury Regulations thereunder, income, gain, loss,
and  deduction  with respect to any property  contributed  to the capital of the
Partnership shall,  solely for tax purposes,  be allocated among the Partners so
as to take account of any variation  between the adjusted basis of such property
to the  Partnership  for federal income tax purposes and its initial Gross Asset
Value (computed in accordance with Section 1.37(a) hereof).

         In the event the Gross Asset Value of any Partnership asset is adjusted
pursuant to Section  1.37(b)  hereof,  subsequent  allocations of income,  gain,
loss,  and  deduction  with  respect  to such asset  shall  take  account of any
variation  between  the  adjusted  basis of such  asset for  federal  income tax
purposes  and its Gross  Asset  Value in the same  manner as under Code  Section
704(c) and the Treasury Regulations thereunder.

         Any elections or other decisions  relating to such allocations shall be
made by the General  Partner with the Consent of the Special  Limited Partner in
any manner that reasonably reflects the purpose and intention of this Agreement.
Allocations  pursuant to this  Section  10.6 are solely for purposes of federal,
state, and local taxes and shall not affect, or in any way be taken into account
in computing,  any Person's  Capital Account or share of Income,  Losses,  other
items, or distributions pursuant to any provision of this Agreement.

         Section 10.7 Allocation Among Limited  Partners.  In the event that the
Interest of the Limited  Partner  hereunder is at any time held by more than one
Limited  Partner  all items  which are  specifically  allocated  to the  Limited
Partner for any month pursuant to this Article X shall be apportioned among such
Persons according to the ratio of their respective  profit-sharing  interests in
the Partnership at the last day of such month.

         Section 10.8 Allocation Among General  Partners.  In the event that the
Interest of the General  Partner  hereunder is at any time held by more than one
General  Partner  all items  which are  specifically  allocated  to the  General
Partner for any month pursuant to this Article X shall be apportioned among such
Persons in such  percentages as may from time to time be determined by agreement
among them without amendment to this Agreement or consent of the Limited Partner
or the Missouri Limited Partner or Consent of the Special Limited Partner.

         Section 10.9 Modification of Allocations.  The provisions of Articles X
and XI and other  provisions  of this  Agreement  are  intended  to comply  with
Treasury  Regulations  Section 1.704 and shall be  interpreted  and applied in a
manner  consistent with such section of the Treasury  Regulations.  In the event
that the General Partner determines, in its sole discretion,  that it is prudent
to modify the manner in which the Capital Accounts of the Partners, or any debit
or credit  thereto,  are  computed in order to comply  with such  section of the
Treasury Regulations,  the General Partner may make such modification,  but only
with  the  Consent  of  the  Special  Limited  Partner,  to the  minimum  extent

                                       49
<PAGE>

necessary,  to effect the plan of  allocations  and  Distributions  provided for
elsewhere  in this  Agreement.  Further,  the  General  Partner  shall  make any
appropriate  modifications,  but only with the  Consent of the  Special  Limited
Partner, in the event it appears that unanticipated  events (e.g., the existence
of a Partnership  election  pursuant to Code Section 754) might  otherwise cause
this Agreement not to comply with Treasury Regulation Section 1.704.

                                   ARTICLE XI

                                  DISTRIBUTION

         Section 11.1 Distribution of Net Operating Income. Net Operating Income
for each  fiscal  year  shall  be  distributed  within  seventy-five  (75)  days
following  each  calendar  year and shall be applied in the  following  order of
priority:

         (a) to pay  the  current  Reporting  Fee and  then  to pay any  accrued
Reporting Fees which have not been paid in full from previous years;

         (b) to pay the Deferred Management Fee, if any;

         (c) to pay the interest and then principal on the Development Fee;

         (d) to pay the Operating Loans, if any, as referenced in Section 6.3 of
this  Agreement,  limited to 50% of the Net  Operating  Income  remaining  after
reduction for the payments made pursuant to subsections  (a) through (c) of this
Section 11.1;

         (e) to pay the Incentive Management Fee; and

         (f) the balance, 30% to the Limited  Partner  and 70%  to  the  General
Partner.

         Section 11.2 Distribution  of Sale or Refinancing  Proceeds.  Sale or
Refinancing  Proceeds shall be distributed in the following order:

         (a) to  the  payment  of the  Mortgage  and  other  matured  debts  and
liabilities  of the  Partnership,  other than accrued  payments,  debts or other
liabilities owing to Partners or former Partners;

         (b) to any accrued  payments,  debts or other  liabilities owing to the
Partners or former Partners,  including,  but not limited to, accrued  Reporting
Fees and Operating Loans, to be paid prorata if necessary;

         (c) to the  establishment  of any reserves  which the General  Partner,
with the Consent of the Special  Limited Partner and Missouri  Limited  Partner,
shall  deem  reasonably  necessary  for  contingent,   unmatured  or  unforeseen
liabilities or obligations of the Partnership; and

                                       50
<PAGE>

         (d) thereafter,  64.98% to the Limited  Partner,  .01% to  the  Special
Limited  Partner,  35% to the General Partner, and 0.01% to the Missouri Limited
Partner.

                                   ARTICLE XII

                              TRANSFERS OF LIMITED
                      PARTNER'S INTEREST IN THE PARTNERSHIP

         Section 12.1 Assignment  of Limited  Partner's  Interest.  The  Limited
Partner,  Special  Limited  Partner and Missouri  Limited Partner shall have the
right to  assign  all or any part of their  respective  Interests  to any  other
Person, whether or not a Partner, upon satisfaction of the following:

         (a) a written  instrument  in form and  substance  satisfactory  to the
General  Partner  and its  counsel,  setting  forth the name and  address of the
proposed transferee,  the nature and extent of the Interest which is proposed to
be transferred  and the terms and conditions upon which the transfer is proposed
to be made,  stating that the Assignee  accepts and agrees to be bound by all of
the terms and provisions of this Agreement, and providing for the payment of all
reasonable  expenses  incurred  by  the  Partnership  in  connection  with  such
assignment,  including  but not limited to the cost of preparing  any  necessary
amendment to this Agreement;

         (b) upon  consent  of the  General  Partner to such  assignment,  which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; and

         (c) upon  receipt  by the  General  Partner of the  Assignee's  written
representation  that the Partnership  Interest is to be acquired by the Assignee
for the  Assignee's  own account for  long-term  investment  and not with a view
toward resale, fractionalization, division or distribution thereof.

         (d) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary,  the Limited Partner
may assign its  Interest  to an  Affiliate  or assign its  Interest  to Southern
California Bank or its successors as collateral to secure a capital contribution
loan without satisfying the conditions of Sections 12.1(a) through (c) above.

         THE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTEREST,  THE MISSOURI LIMITED PARTNER AND THE
SPECIAL LIMITED PARTNER INTEREST DESCRIBED HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AS AMENDED OR UNDER ANY STATE  SECURITIES  LAW. THESE
INTERESTS  MAY NOT BE SOLD OR  OTHERWISE  TRANSFERRED  UNLESS  REGISTERED  UNDER
APPLICABLE  FEDERAL  AND  STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS OR UNLESS  AN  EXEMPTION  FROM
REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE.

         Section 12.2 Effective  Date of Transfer.  Any assignment of  a Limited
Partner's  Interest or Special  Limited Partner and Missouri  Limited  Partner's

                                       51
<PAGE>

Interest  pursuant to Section 12.1 shall become  effective as of the last day of
the calendar  month in which the last of the  conditions to such  assignment are
satisfied.

         Section 12.3 Invalid  Assignment.  Any  purported  assignment   of   an
Interest of a Limited  Partner,  Special  Limited  Partner or  Missouri  Limited
Partner  otherwise than in accordance with Section 12.1 or Section 12.6 shall be
of no effect as between the Partnership and the purported  assignee and shall be
disregarded  by the  General  Partner in making  allocations  and  Distributions
hereunder.

         Section 12.4 Assignee's  Rights to Allocations  and  Distributions.  An
Assignee shall be entitled to receive  allocations  and  Distributions  from the
Partnership  attributable  to the Interest  acquired by reason of any  permitted
assignment from and after the first day of the calendar month of the transfer of
such  Interest as  provided in Section  12.2.  The  Partnership  and the General
Partner shall be entitled to treat the assignor of such Partnership  Interest as
the absolute  owner  thereof in all  respects,  and shall incur no liability for
allocations and  Distributions  made in good faith to such assignor,  until such
time  as  the  written  instrument  of  assignment  has  been  received  by  the
Partnership.

         Section 12.5 Substitution  of  Assignee  as  Limited  Partner,  Special
Limited  Partner or Missouri Limited Partner.

         (a) An Assignee shall not have the right to become a Substitute Limited
Partner or Substitute  Special  Limited  Partner or Missouri  Limited Partner in
place of his assignor  unless the written consent of the General Partner to such
substitution shall have been obtained,  which consent,  in the General Partner's
absolute  discretion,  may be  withheld;  except  that an  Assignee  which is an
Affiliate of the Limited  Partner,  Special Limited Partner or Missouri  Limited
Partner, or Southern California Bank or its successors,  may become a Substitute
Limited  Partner,  Substitute  Special  Limited  Partner or Substitute  Missouri
Limited Partner without the consent of the General Partner.

         (b) A nonadmitted  transferee of a Limited Partner's Interest,  Special
Limited  Partner  Interest  or  Missouri  Limited  Partner's   Interest  in  the
Partnership  shall  only be  entitled  to  receive  that  share of  allocations,
Distributions  and the return of Capital  Contribution  to which its  transferor
would otherwise have been entitled with respect to the Interest transferred, and
shall have no right to obtain any  information  on account of the  Partnership's
transactions,  to inspect the Partnership's  books and records or have any other
of the rights and privileges of a Limited  Partner,  Special  Limited Partner or
Missouri Limited Partner,  provided,  however,  that the Partnership shall, if a
transferee  and transferor  jointly  advise the General  Partner in writing of a
transfer  of an  Interest  in  the  Partnership,  furnish  the  transferee  with
pertinent tax information at the end of each fiscal year of the Partnership.

                                       52
<PAGE>

         (c) The  General  Partner  may  elect  to  treat  a   transferee  of  a
Partnership Interest who has not become a Substitute Limited Partner, Substitute
Special Limited Partner or Substitute  Missouri  Limited Partner as a Substitute
Limited  Partner,  Substitute  Special  Limited  Partner or Substitute  Missouri
Limited Partner,  as the case may be, in the place of its transferor  should the
General Partner  determine in its absolute  discretion that such treatment is in
the best interest of the Partnership.

         Section 12.6 Death,  Bankruptcy,  Incompetency,  etc.   of   a  Limited
Partner.   Upon  the  death,   dissolution,   adjudication  of  bankruptcy,   or
adjudication of Incompetency or insanity of a Limited  Partner,  Special Limited
Partner or Missouri Limited Partner, such Partner's executors, administrators or
legal  representatives  shall have all the rights of a Limited Partner,  Special
Limited Partner or Missouri Limited Partner, as the case may be, for the purpose
of settling or managing  such  Partner's  estate,  including  such power as such
Partner  possessed to  constitute a successor as a transferee of its Interest in
the  Partnership  and to join with such  transferee in making the application to
substitute such transferee as a Partner. However, such executors, administrators
or legal  representatives  will not have the right to become Substitute  Limited
Partners,  Substitute  Special Limited  Partners or Substitute  Missouri Limited
Partners in the place of their  respective  predecessors-in-interest  unless the
General Partner shall so consent.

                                  ARTICLE XIII

                     WITHDRAWAL, REMOVAL AND REPLACEMENT OF
                                 GENERAL PARTNER

         Section 13.1 Withdrawal of General Partner.

         (a) The General  Partner may not Withdraw (other than as a result of an
Involuntary Withdrawal) without the Consent of the Special Limited Partner, and,
to the extent required, of Missouri Housing Development  Commission.  Withdrawal
shall be  conditioned  upon the agreement of the Special  Limited  Partner to be
admitted as a successor  General  Partner,  or if the  Special  Limited  Partner
declines to be admitted as a successor  General Partner then on the agreement of
one or more  Persons  who  satisfy  the  requirements  of  Section  13.5 of this
Agreement to be admitted as successor General Partner(s).

         (b) Each  General  Partner  shall  indemnify  and   hold  harmless  the
Partnership and all Partners from its Withdrawal in violation of Section 13.1(a)
hereof.  Each  General  Partner  shall be liable for damages to the  Partnership
resulting from its Withdrawal in violation of Section 13.1(a).

                                       53
<PAGE>

         Section 13.2 Removal of General Partner.

         (a) The  Special  Limited  Partner or the Limited  Partner,  or both of
them,  may remove the General  Partner for cause if such  General  Partner,  its
officers or directors, if applicable, has:

                  (1) been subject to Bankruptcy in  accordance with this Agree-
ment;

                  (2) committed  any  fraud,  willful   misconduct,   breach  of
fiduciary  duty or other grossly  negligent  conduct in the  performance  of its
duties under this Agreement;

                  (3) been convicted of, or entered into a plea of guilty to,  a
felony;

                  (4) made personal use of Partnership funds or properties;

                  (5) violated  the terms of the  Mortgage  and such   violation
prompts  Missouri  Housing  Development  Commission to issue a default letter or
acceleration notice to the Partnership or General Partner and such violation has
not been cured within 30 days of such letter of notice;

                  (6) failed to provide any loan, advance, Capital  Contribution
or any other  payment  to  the Partnership, the  Limited Partner  or the Special
Limited Partner required under this Agreement;

                  (7) failed to obtain the Consent of the Special Limited  Part-
ner prior to any decision, act or omission under circumstances where this Agree-
ment  requires that such Consent to be obtained, required under this Agreement;

                  (8) breached in any material respect representation,  warranty
or covenant  contained in this Agreement,  or failed in any material  respect to
perform any action which may be required by this Agreement;

                  (9) caused the  Projected  Tax Credits to be  allocated to the
Partners for a term longer than the Tax Credit Period  unless the  provisions of
Section 7.4(e) of this Agreement apply;

                  (10) violated  any  federal  or state tax  law which  causes a
recapture  of LIHTC  for which  payments  have not been  made as  prescribed  in
Section 7.4 of this Agreement; or

                  (11) failed during any six-month  period during the Compliance
Period  to cause at least  85% of the  total  apartment  units in the  Apartment
Housing to qualify for LIHTC, unless such failure is the result of Force Majeure
or unless such failure is cured  within 120 days after the end of the  six-month
period.

                                       54
<PAGE>

         (b) The Limited  Partner or Special  Limited  Partner shall provide the
General  Partner  with  Written  notice of the  removal for cause of the General
Partner  ("Removal  Notice").  Such  notice  shall set forth the reasons for the
removal  and shall be served  by the  Special  Limited  Partner  or the  Limited
Partner,  or both of them,  upon the General  Partner  either by certified or by
registered mail, return receipt  requested,  or by personal service.  If Section
13.2(a)(2),(5),(6)  or (7) is the  basis for the  removal  for  cause,  then the
General  Partner  shall have thirty days from  receipt of the Removal  Notice in
which to cure the removal  condition;  except that in regard to the Mortgage the
cure  period  shall  be the  sooner  of  thirty  days or ten  days  prior to the
expiration of the cure period  referenced in the loan documents,  if any. If the
condition  for the  removal  for cause is not cured  within  the thirty day cure
period then the General  Partner's  removal shall become  effective on the first
day following the expiration of the cure period,  or,  thirty-one  days from the
General Partner's receipt of the Removal Notice. If the removal for cause is for
a condition referenced in Sections 13.2(a)(1),  (3), (4), (9), (10) or (11) then
the removal shall become  effective  upon the General  Partner's  receipt of the
Removal Notice.  Upon the General Partner's  removal,  the General Partner shall
deliver  to the  Special  Limited  Partner  within  five  business  days  of the
termination of the cure period,  or five business days of the Removal Notice all
Partnership  books  and  records  including  all  bank  signature  cards  and an
authorization  to change the signature on the  signature  cards from the General
Partner to the  Special  Limited  Partner,  or a  successor  general  partner so
nominated by the Limited  Partner and Special  Limited  Partner.  The  Partner's
recognize  and  acknowledge  that if the  General  Partner  fails to provide the
Partnership  books and  records  upon the  General  Partner's  removal  then the
remaining Partners may suffer irreparable  injury.  Therefore,  in the event the
General Partner does not adhere to the provisions of this Section  13.2(b),  and
in addition to other rights or remedies  which may be provided by law and equity
or this Agreement, the Limited Partner and/or Special Limited Partner shall have
the right to specific  performance to compel the General  Partner to perform its
obligation  under this Section and the Limited  Partner and/or  Special  Limited
Partner may bring such action, and other actions to enforce the removal,  by way
of temporary and/or permanent injunctive relief.

         Section 13.3 Effects of a Withdrawal. In the event of a Withdrawal, the
entire  Interest  of the  Withdrawing  General  Partner  shall  immediately  and
automatically  terminate  on the  effective  date of such  Withdrawal,  and such
General Partner shall immediately  cease to be a General Partner,  shall have no
further right to participate  in the management or operation of the  Partnership
or the Apartment Housing or to receive any allocations or Distributions from the
Partnership  or any  other  funds  or  assets  of  the  Partnership,  except  as
specifically set forth below. In the event of a Withdrawal, any or all executory
contracts,  including but not limited to the Management  Agreement,  between the
Partnership  and  the  Withdrawing  General  Partner  or its  Affiliates  may be
terminated by the Partnership,  with the Consent of the Special Limited Partner,
upon written  notice to the party so  terminated.  Furthermore,  notwithstanding

                                       55
<PAGE>

such  Withdrawal,  the  Withdrawing  General  Partner shall be and shall remain,
liable as a General Partner for all liabilities and obligations  incurred by the
Partnership  or by the  General  Partner  prior  to the  effective  date  of the
Withdrawal, or which may arise upon such Withdrawal. Any remaining Partner shall
have all other rights and remedies  against the  Withdrawing  General Partner as
provided by law or under this Agreement.  The General Partner agrees that in the
event of its  Withdrawal  it will  indemnify and hold the Limited  Partner,  the
Missouri  Limited  Partner and the Special  Limited  Partner  harmless  from and
against  all  losses,  costs  and  expenses  incurred  in  connection  with  the
Withdrawal,  including, without limitation, all legal fees and other expenses of
the Limited  Partner,  the  Missouri  Limited  Partner  and the Special  Limited
Partner in connection with the transaction.  The following additional provisions
shall apply in the event of a Withdrawal.

         (a) In  the  event  of  a  Withdrawal  which   is  not  an  Involuntary
Withdrawal,  the  Withdrawing  General  Partner  shall have no further  right to
receive any future  allocations  or  Distributions  from the  Partnership or any
other funds or assets of the Partnership, nor shall it be entitled to receive or
to be paid by the Partnership any further payments of fees (including fees which
have  been  earned  but are  unpaid)  or to be paid any  amount  for its  former
Interest.  From and after the  effective  date of such  Withdrawal,  the  former
rights  of the  Withdrawing  General  Partner  to  receive  or to be  paid  such
allocations,  Distributions, funds, assets, fees or repayments shall be assigned
to the other General Partner or General  Partners (which may include the Special
Limited Partner),  or if there is no other general partner of the Partnership at
that time, to the Special Limited Partner.

         (b) In the event of an  Involuntary  Withdrawal,  except as provided in
the preceding  paragraph or in Section 13.3(b)(2) below, the Withdrawing General
Partner  shall  have no  further  right to receive  any  future  allocations  or
Distributions  from  the  Partnership  or  any  other  funds  or  assets  of the
Partnership,  provided  that  accrued  and payable  fees (i.e.,  fees earned but
unpaid as of the date of Withdrawal)  owed to the Withdrawing  General  Partner,
and any outstanding loans of the Withdrawing General Partner to the Partnership,
shall be paid to the Withdrawing  General Partner in the manner and at the times
such fees and loans would have been paid had the Withdrawing General Partner not
Withdrawn. The Interest of the General Partner shall be purchased as follows.

                  (1) If the Involuntary  Withdrawal does not arise from removal
for  cause  under  Section  13.2(a)  hereof,  and  if the  Partnership  is to be
continued  with one or more  remaining  or  successor  General  Partner(s),  the
Partnership,  with the Consent of the Special Limited  Partner,  may, but is not
obligated  to,  purchase  the  Interest of the  Withdrawing  General  Partner in
Partnership  allocations,  Distributions and capital. The purchase price of such
Interest  shall be its Fair Market Value as determined by agreement  between the
Withdrawing General Partner and the Special Limited Partner,  or, if they cannot
agree,  by arbitration in accordance with the then current rules of the American

                                       56
<PAGE>

Arbitration Association.  The cost of such arbitration shall be borne equally by
the Withdrawing General Partner and the Partnership. The purchase price shall be
paid  by  the   Partnership  by  delivering  to  the  General   Partner  or  its
representative the Partnership's  non-interest bearing unsecured promissory note
payable,  if at all, upon  liquidation  of the  Partnership  in accordance  with
Section 11.2(b). The note shall also provide that the Partnership may prepay all
or any part thereof without penalty.

                  (2) If the Involuntary  Withdrawal does not arise from removal
for  cause  under  Section  13.2(a)  hereof,  and  if the  Partnership  is to be
continued with one or more remaining or successor General Partner(s), and if the
Partnership does not purchase the Interest of the Withdrawing General Partner in
Partnership allocations, Distributions and capital, then the Withdrawing General
Partner shall retain its Interest in such items, but such Interest shall be held
as a special limited partner.

         (c) Notwithstanding   the  provisions  of   Section  13.3(b),  if   the
Involuntary  Withdrawal  arises  from  removal for cause as set forth in Section
13.2(a) hereof,  the Withdrawing  General Partner shall have no further right to
receive any future  allocations  or  Distributions  from the  Partnership or any
other funds or assets of the Partnership, nor shall it be entitled to receive or
to be paid by the Partnership or any Partners or successor partners, any further
payments  of fees  (including  fees  which have been  earned but remain  unpaid)
further,   the  Withdrawing   General   Partner  shall  be  repaid   outstanding
obligations,  advances,  or loans  only to the  extent  and in the  amount  such
obligations,  advances or loans exceed  amounts owed to the  Partnership  by the
Withdrawing  General  Partner by mutual  agreement  of the  Withdrawing  General
Partner and Special Limited Partner.  If the Withdrawing General Partner and the
Special Limited  Partner cannot reach an agreement  within fifteen (15) business
days then the determination  shall be made by arbitration in accordance with the
then current  rules of the American  Arbitration  Association.  The cost of such
arbitration  shall be borne equally by the  Withdrawing  General Partner and the
Partnership.

         Section 13.4 Successor General Partner. Upon the occurrence of an event
giving rise to a Withdrawal of a General Partner, any remaining General Partner,
or, if there be no remaining General Partner, the Withdrawing General Partner or
its legal  representative,  shall promptly notify the Special Limited Partner of
such Withdrawal (the "Withdrawal Notice").  Whether or not the Withdrawal Notice
shall have been sent as provided herein,  the Special Limited Partner shall have
the right to become a successor  General  Partner  (and to become the  successor
managing  General Partner if the Withdrawing  General Partner was previously the
managing General Partner). In order to effectuate the provisions of this Section
13.4 and the continuance of the Partnership, the Withdrawal of a General Partner
shall not be effective  until the  expiration of 120 days from the date on which
occurred the event  giving rise to the  Withdrawal,  unless the Special  Limited
Partner  shall have  elected to become a successor  General  Partner as provided

                                       57
<PAGE>

herein prior to expiration of such 120-day  period,  whereupon the Withdrawal of
the General Partner shall be deemed  effective upon the  notification of all the
other Partners by the Special Limited Partner of such election.

         Section 13.5 Admission of Additional or Successor  General Partner.  No
Person shall be admitted as an additional or successor  General  Partner  unless
(a) such  Person  shall  have  agreed to become a General  Partner  by a written
instrument  which shall include the acceptance  and adoption of this  Agreement;
(b) the Consent of the Special  Limited  Partner to the admission of such Person
as a substitute General Partner, which consent may be withheld in the discretion
of the Special Limited Partner, shall have been given; and (c) such Person shall
have executed and acknowledged any other  instruments  which the Special Limited
Partner shall  reasonably  deem necessary or appropriate to affect the admission
of such Person as a substitute General Partner. If the foregoing  conditions are
satisfied,  this Agreement shall be amended in accordance with the provisions of
the Act,  and all other steps shall be taken which are  reasonably  necessary to
effect the Withdrawal of the Withdrawing General Partner and the substitution of
the successor General Partner. Nothing contained herein shall reduce the Limited
Partner's  Interest,  Missouri Limited Partner's Interest or the Special Limited
Partner's Interest in the Partnership.

         Section 13.6 Transfer of Interest. Except as otherwise provided herein,
the General  Partner may not Withdraw  from the  Partnership,  or enter into any
agreement  as the result of which any Person  shall  acquire an  Interest in the
Partnership, without the Consent of the Special Limited Partner.

         Section 13.7 No Goodwill Value.  At no time during  continuation of the
Partnership shall any value ever be placed on the Partnership name, or the right
to its use, or to the goodwill  appertaining to the Partnership or its business,
either as among the Partners or for the purpose of determining  the value of any
Interest,  nor shall the legal  representatives of any Partner have any right to
claim any such  value.  In the event of a  termination  and  dissolution  of the
Partnership as provided in this Agreement, neither the Partnership name, nor the
right to its use, nor the same goodwill, if any, shall be considered as an asset
of the  Partnership,  and no  valuation  shall be put thereon for the purpose of
liquidation or distribution, or for any other purpose whatsoever.

                                   ARTICLE XIV

                          BOOKS AND ACCOUNTS, REPORTS,
                      TAX RETURNS, FISCAL YEAR AND BANKING

         Section 14.1 Books and Accounts.

         (a) The  General  Partner  shall  cause  the  Partnership  to keep  and
maintain at its principal  executive  office full and complete books and records
which shall include each of the following:

                                       58
<PAGE>

                  (1) a current list of the full name and last known business or
residence address of each Partner set forth in alphabetical  order together with
the Capital Contribution and the share in Income and Losses of each Partner;

                  (2) a copy of the  Certificate of Limited  Partnership and all
certificates of amendment  thereto,  together with executed copies of any powers
of attorney pursuant to which any certificate has been executed;

                  (3) copies  of the  Partnership's  federal,  state  and  local
income tax  information  returns and  reports,  if any,  for the six most recent
taxable years;

                  (4) copies of the original of this  Agreement  and  all amend-
ments thereto;

                  (5) financial statements of the Partnership for the  six  most
recent fiscal years;

                  (6) the  Partnership's  books  and  records  for  at least the
current and past three fiscal years; and

                  (7) in regard to the first  tenants  to occupy  the  apartment
units in the Apartment Housing,  copies of all tenant files including  completed
applications,  completed  questionnaires  or  checklist  of income  and  assets,
documentation  of third  party  verification  of income and  assets,  and income
certification forms (LIHTC specific).

         (b) Upon the  request of the  Limited  Partner,  the  Missouri  Limited
Partner or the General Partner shall promptly  deliver to the Limited Partner or
the Missouri Limited Partner,  at the expense of the Partnership,  a copy of the
information set forth in Section  14.1(a) above.  The Limited Partner shall have
the right upon  reasonable  request and during normal  business hours to inspect
and copy any of the  foregoing,  or any of the other  books and  records  of the
Partnership or the Apartment Housing, at its own expense.

         Section 14.2 Accounting Reports.

         (a) By March 10 of each calendar year the General Partner shall provide
to the Limited Partner, Missouri Limited Partner and the Special Limited Partner
all tax  information  necessary for the  preparation  of their federal and state
income tax returns and other tax returns with regard to the  jurisdiction(s)  in
which the Partnership is formed and in which the Apartment Housing is located.

         (b) By March 1 of each  calendar  year  after  the  year in  which  the
Apartment  Housing is placed in service,  the General  Partner shall send to the
Limited Partner, Missouri Limited Partner and the Special Limited Partner: (1) a

                                       59
<PAGE>

balance  sheet as of the end of such  fiscal  year  and  statements  of  income,
Partners'  equity and  changes in cash flow for such  fiscal  year  prepared  in
accordance with generally accepted  accounting  principles and accompanied by an
auditor's report containing an opinion of the Partnership's  Accountants;  (2) a
report (which need not be audited) of any Distributions  made at any time during
the fiscal year, separately identifying  Distributions from Net Operating Income
for the fiscal year, Net Operating  Income for prior years,  Sale or Refinancing
Proceeds,  and reserves;  and (3) a report  setting forth the amount of all fees
and other  compensation and  Distributions  and reimbursed  expenses paid by the
Partnership  for the fiscal year to the  General  Partner or  Affiliates  of the
General  Partner and the services  performed in  consideration  therefor,  which
report shall be verified by the  Partnership's  Accountants,  with the method of
verification  to  include,  at a  minimum,  a  review  of the  time  records  of
individual employees, the costs of whose services were reimbursed,  and a review
of the  specific  nature of the work  performed  by each such  employee,  all in
accordance  with  generally  accepted  auditing   standards  and,   accordingly,
including  such  tests  of  the  accounting  records  and  such  other  auditing
procedures as the Accountants consider appropriate in the circumstances.

         (c) Within 60 days after the end of each fiscal quarter in which a Sale
or Refinancing of the Apartment  Housing occurs,  the General Partner shall send
to the Limited  Partner,  the Missouri  Limited  Partner and the Special Limited
Partner  a report  as to the  nature  of the Sale or  Refinancing  and as to the
Income  and  Losses  for tax  purposes  and  proceeds  arising  from the Sale or
Refinancing.

         Section 14.3 Other  Reports.  The  General  Partner  shall  provide  to
the Limited  Partner,  Missouri Limited Partner and the Special Limited Partner
the following reports:

          (a) a  copy  of  the  construction  schedule  and  any  updates to the
construction schedule and by the twentieth  day of each month a copy of the pre-
vious  month's Construction Loan draw requests  and  the Inspecting  Architect's
application  and  certification  of payment  (AIA Document G702, or similar form
acceptable to the Limited Partner).

         (b) during the rent-up phase, and continuing until the end of the first
six-month period during which the Apartment Housing has a sustained occupancy of
90% or better,  by the  twenty-fifth day of each month within such period a copy
of the  previous  month's  rent roll  (through  the last day of the month) and a
tenant LIHTC compliance  worksheet on the Management  Agent's form which will be
similar to the  monthly  initial  tenant  certification  worksheet  included  in
Exhibit "G" attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference;

         (c) a quarterly tax credit compliance report on the Management  Agent's
form,  which will be similar to the worksheet  included in Exhibit "G" due on or
before April 30 of each year for the first quarter, July 31 of each year for the
second quarter,  October 31 of each year for the third quarter and January 31 of

                                       60
<PAGE>

each year for the  fourth  quarter.  In order to verify the  reliability  of the
information  being  provided on the  compliance  report the Limited  Partner may
request a small  sampling of tenant  files to be  provided.  The  sampling  will
include,  but not be limited to, copies of tenant  applications,  certifications
and third party  verifications used to qualify tenants.  If any inaccuracies are
found to exist on the tax credit compliance report or any items of noncompliance
are  discovered  then the sampling will be expanded as determined by the Limited
Partner;

         (d) a quarterly report on operations,  on the Management  Agent's form,
which will be  similar to the form  attached  hereto as Exhibit  "G",  due on or
before  April 30 of each year for the first  quarter of  operations,  July 31 of
each year for the second quarter of operations,  October 31 of each year for the
third quarter of operations  and January 31 of each year for the fourth  quarter
of operations  which shall include,  but is not limited to, an unaudited  income
statement showing all activity in the reserve accounts required to be maintained
pursuant to Section VIII of this  Agreement,  statement of income and  expenses,
balance  sheet,  rent roll as of the end of each calendar  quarter of each year,
and third party verification of current utility allowance;

         (e) by September 15 of each year, an estimate of LIHTC and Missouri Tax
Credits for that year;

         (f) if the Apartment  Housing  receives a  reservation  of LIHTC in one
year but will not complete the  construction  and rent-up until a later year, an
audited cost certification  together with the Accountant's work papers verifying
that the Partnership  has expended the requisite 10% of the reasonably  expected
cost basis to meet the carryover test provisions of Section 42 of the Code. Such
certification  shall be provided to the Limited  Partner,  the Missouri  Limited
Partner and the Special  Limited Partner by December 31 of the year during which
the  reservation  was  received.  Furthermore,  if  materials  and  supplies are
purchased to meet the 10% requirement  then the General Partner shall provide to
the Limited Partner and the Missouri  Limited Partner  satisfactory  evidence as
determined  by the Special  Limited  Partner,  that title to the  materials  and
supplies pass to the Partnership and that the Partnership bears the risk of loss
of the materials and supplies;

         (g) during  the  Compliance  Period,  no  later  than 10 days any  such
certification is filed, copies of any certifications  which the Partnership must
furnish to  federal  or state  governmental  authorities  administering  the Tax
Credit  program  including,  but not  limited  to,  copies of all annual  tenant
recertifications required under Section 42 of the Code;

         (h) by the  annual  renewal  date  each and  every  year,  an  executed
original or certified  copy of each and every  Insurance  policy or  certificate
required by the terms of this Agreement;

                                       61
<PAGE>

         (i) within  sixty (60) days after the  payment  date of the real estate
property taxes each and every year  verification  that the same has been paid in
full;

         (j) within  seventy-five  (75) days of the end of the General Partner's
fiscal year, a copy of the General Partner's updated financial  statement of the
previous year;

         (k) on or before  November  15th of each  calendar  year, a copy of the
following year's proposed  operating budget.  Each such Budget shall contain all
the  anticipated  Cash  Expenses of the  Partnership.  Such Budget shall only be
adopted with the Consent of the Special Limited Partner; and

         (l) notice of the  occurrence,  or of the likelihood of occurrence,  of
any event which has had a material adverse effect upon the Apartment  Housing or
the  Partnership,  including,  but not  limited  to,  any  breach  of any of the
representations and warranties set forth in Section 9.12 of this Agreement,  and
any inability of the  Partnership  to meet its cash  obligations  as they become
payable, within ten days after the occurrence of such event.

         Section 14.4 Late Reports.  If the General Partner does not fulfill its
obligations under Section 14.2(a) within the time periods set forth therein, the
General Partner,  using its own funds,  shall pay as damages the sum of $100 per
week (plus interest at the rate established by Section 6.3 of this Agreement) to
the Limited Partner until such  obligations  shall have been  fulfilled.  If the
General  Partner  shall so fail to pay, the General  Partner and its  Affiliates
shall  forthwith  cease to be  entitled  to any fees  hereunder  (other than the
Development  Fee) and/or to the payment of any Net  Operating  Income or Sale or
Refinancing  Proceeds to which the General  Partner  may  otherwise  be entitled
hereunder.  Payments  of fees and  Distributions  shall be  restored  only  upon
payment of such  damages in full.  If the General  Partner  does not fulfill its
obligations  under Section  14.2(b) and Section 14.3 within 30 days of receiving
written  notice by the  Limited  Partner,  then the  General  Partner  and their
Affiliates  shall  forthwith cease to be entitled to any fees and cash flow from
operations  referenced  in  Section  11.1 of this  Agreement  and to any Sale or
Refinancing  Proceeds to which they may  otherwise be entitled  hereunder.  Such
payments of fees and cash flow from  operations  referenced  in Section  11.1 of
this  Agreement and Sale and  Refinancing  Proceeds  shall be restored only upon
delivery of such documents.

         Section 14.5 Annual Site Visits. On an annual basis a representative of
the Limited Partner, at the Limited Partner's expense, will conduct a site visit
during normal  business hours which will include,  in part, an inspection of the
property,  a review of the  office and tenant  files and an  interview  with the
property manager. The Limited Partner may, in its sole discretion, cancel all or
any part of the annual site visit.

                                       62
<PAGE>

         Section 14.6 Tax Returns.  The General  Partner  shall cause income tax
returns for the Partnership to be prepared and timely filed with the appropriate
federal, state and local taxing authorities.

         Section 14.7 Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the  Partnership  shall be
the  calendar  year or such  other  period as may be  approved  by the  Internal
Revenue Service for federal income tax purposes.

         Section 14.8 Banking.  All funds of the Partnership  shall be deposited
in a separate  bank  account or accounts as shall be  determined  by the General
Partner.  All  withdrawals  therefrom  shall be made upon  checks  signed by the
General Partner or by any person authorized to do so by the General Partner. The
General  Partner  shall  provide to any Partner who  requests  same the name and
address of the  financial  institution,  the account  number and other  relevant
information regarding any Partnership bank account.

         Section 14.9 Certificates and Elections.

         (a) The General Partner shall file the First Year Certificate within 90
days  following  the  close of the  taxable  year  during  which  Completion  of
Construction  occurs and thereafter shall timely file any certificates which the
Partnership   must  furnish  to  federal  or  state   governmental   authorities
administering  the Tax Credit  programs under Section 42 of the Code and Section
135.352 of the RsMO.

         (b) The  General  Partner,  with the  Consent  of the  Special  Limited
Partner,  may, but is not required to, cause the  Partnership  to make or revoke
the election referred to in Section 754 of the Code, as amended,  or any similar
provisions enacted in lieu thereof.

                                   ARTICLE XV

                      DISSOLUTION, WINDING UP, TERMINATION
                       AND LIQUIDATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP

         Section 15.1 Dissolution of Partnership.  The Partnership shall be dis-
solved upon the expiration of its term or the earlier occurrence of any  of  the
following events.

         (a) The  effective  date of the  Withdrawal  or removal of the  General
Partner,  unless  (1) at the time  there is at least one other  General  Partner
(which may be the  Special  Limited  Partner if it elects to serve as  successor
General Partner under Section 13.4 hereof) who will continue as General Partner,
or (2)  within  120 days  after the  occurrence  of any such  event the  Limited
Partner and the Missouri  Limited Partner elects to continue the business of the
Partnership.

         (b) The sale of the  Apartment  Housing  and the receipt in cash of the
full amount of the proceeds of such sale.

                                       63
<PAGE>

         Notwithstanding   the  foregoing,   however,  in  no  event  shall  the
Partnership  terminate  prior to the expiration of its term if such  termination
would result in a violation of the Mortgage or any other  agreement with or rule
or  regulation  of  Missouri  Housing   Development   Commission  to  which  the
Partnership is subject.

         Section 15.2 Return of Capital Contribution upon Dissolution. Except as
provided  in  Sections  7.3 and  7.4 of  this  Agreement,  which  provide  for a
reduction or refund of the Capital  Contribution  of the Limited  Partner and/or
the  Missouri  Limited  Partner  under  certain  circumstances,  and which shall
represent  the  personal  obligation  of the  General  Partner,  as  well as the
obligation of the  Partnership,  each Partner shall look solely to the assets of
the Partnership for all Distributions with respect to the Partnership (including
the return of its  Capital  Contribution)  and shall have no  recourse  therefor
(upon  dissolution or otherwise)  against any General Partner.  No Partner shall
have any  right to  demand  property  other  than  money  upon  dissolution  and
termination of the  Partnership,  and the  Partnership is prohibited from such a
distribution of property absent the Consent of the Special Limited Partner.

         Section 15.3 Distribution  of   Assets.  Upon  a  dissolution  of   the
Partnership,  the  General  Partner  (or,  if there is no General  Partner  then
remaining,  such other Person(s) designated as the liquidator of the Partnership
by the  Limited  Partner or by the court in a judicial  dissolution)  shall take
full account of the  Partnership  assets and liabilities and shall liquidate the
assets as promptly as is consistent with obtaining the fair value thereof.

         (a) Upon  dissolution  and  termination,  after payment of, or adequate
provision for, the debts and obligations of the Partnership  pursuant to Section
11.2(a) through and including  11.2(c),  the remaining assets of the Partnership
shall be distributed to the Partners in accordance with the positive balances in
their Capital Accounts,  after taking into account all allocations under Article
X hereof.

         (b) In the event that a General  Partner  has a deficit  balance in its
Capital Account following the Liquidation of the Partnership or its interest, as
determined  after taking into account all Capital  Account  adjustments  for the
Partnership  taxable year in which such Liquidation occurs, such General Partner
shall pay to the Partnership  the lesser of (1) the amount  necessary to restore
such deficit  balance to zero in  compliance  with Treasury  Regulation  Section
1.704-(b)(2)(ii)(b)(3),  (2) 1.01% of the  Capital  Contribution  less any prior
Capital Contributions made by the General Partner.

                  (1) The deficit  reduction amount shall be paid by the General
Partner by the end of such taxable year (or, if later,  within 90 days after the
date of Liquidation) and shall, upon Liquidation of the Partnership,  be paid to
creditors of the Partnership or distributed to other Partners in accordance with
their positive Capital Account balances.

                                       64
<PAGE>

         (c) With  respect  to assets  distributed  in kind to the  Partners  in
Liquidation or otherwise:

                  (1) unrealized  appreciation or unrealized depreciation in the
values of such  assets  shall be deemed to be Income and Losses  realized by the
Partnership  immediately prior to the Liquidation or other  Distribution  event;
and

                  (2) such Income and Losses  shall be allocated to the Partners
in accordance with Section 10.2 hereof, and any property so distributed shall be
treated as a Distribution  of an amount in cash equal to the excess of such Fair
Market Value over the outstanding  principal  balance of and accrued interest on
any debt by which the property is encumbered.

         (d) For the purposes of Section 15.3(c),  "unrealized  appreciation" or
"unrealized  depreciation"  shall mean the  difference  between  the Fair Market
Value  of such  assets,  taking  into  account  the  Fair  Market  Value  of the
associated financing but subject to Section 7701(g) of the Code, and the asset's
Gross  Asset  Value.  Section  15.3(c) is merely  intended to provide a rule for
allocating  unrealized Income and Losses upon Liquidation or other  Distribution
event,  and nothing  contained in Section 15.3(c) or elsewhere in this Agreement
is  intended  to treat or cause  such  Distributions  to be treated as sales for
value.  The  Fair  Market  Value  of  such  assets  shall  be  determined  by an
independent appraiser to be selected by the General Partner.

         Section 15.4 Deferral of Liquidation. If at the time of liquidation the
General  Partner or other  liquidator  shall determine that an immediate sale of
part or all of the  Partnership  assets could cause undue loss to the  Partners,
the  liquidator  may, in order to avoid  loss,  but only with the Consent of the
Special Limited Partner, either defer liquidation and retain all or a portion of
the assets or distribute all or a portion of the assets to the Partners in kind.
In the event that the liquidator  elects to distribute  such assets in kind, the
assets  shall  first  be  assigned  a  value  (by  appraisal  by an  independent
appraiser)  and the  unrealized  appreciation  or  depreciation  in value of the
assets shall be allocated to the Partners' Capital  Accounts,  as if such assets
had been sold, in the manner  described in Section  10.2,  and such assets shall
then be  distributed  to the  Partners  as  provided  herein.  In  applying  the
preceding  sentence,  the  Apartment  Housing shall not be assigned a value less
than the unamortized principal balance of any loan secured thereby.

         Section 15.5 Liquidation  Statement.  Each  of  the  Partners  shall be
furnished  with a  statement  prepared  or caused to be  prepared by the General
Partner or other liquidator, which shall set forth the assets and liabilities of
the Partnership as of the date of complete liquidation. Upon compliance with the
distribution  plan as outlined in Sections 15.3 and 15.4,  the Limited  Partner,
Missouri  Limited Partner and the Special Limited Partner shall cease to be such

                                       65
<PAGE>

and the General  Partner shall execute,  acknowledge and cause to be filed those
certificates referenced in Section 15.6.

         Section 15.6 Certificates of Dissolution;  Certificate of  Cancellation
of Certificate of Limited Partnership.

         (a) Upon the dissolution of the Partnership,  the General Partner shall
cause to be filed in the office of, and on a form prescribed by the Secretary of
State of the State, a certificate of dissolution. The certificate of dissolution
shall set forth the Partnership's name, the Secretary of State's file number for
the Partnership, the event causing the Partnership's dissolution and the date of
the dissolution.

         (b) Upon the completion of the winding up of the Partnership's affairs,
the  General  Partner  shall  cause to be filed in the  office of, and on a form
prescribed   by,  the  Secretary  of  State  of  the  State,  a  certificate  of
cancellation  of the  Certificate  of Limited  Partnership.  The  certificate of
cancellation  of the  Certificate  of  Limited  Partnership  shall set forth the
Partnership's  name,  the Secretary of State's file number for the  Partnership,
and any other  information  which the  General  Partner  determines  to  include
therein.

                                   ARTICLE XVI

                                   AMENDMENTS

         This  Agreement  may be amended by a unanimous  Consent of the Partners
after a meeting of the Partners, which meeting shall be held after proper notice
as provided in Section 17.2 of this Agreement. For purposes of this Article XVI,
a Partner  shall grant its Consent to a proposed  amendment  unless such Partner
reasonably  determines  that the proposed  amendment is adverse to the Partner's
Interest.

                                  ARTICLE XVII

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

         Section 17.1 Voting Rights.

         (a) The  Missouri  Limited  Partner  shall have no voting  rights.  The
Limited  Partner  shall  have no right to vote upon any  matters  affecting  the
Partnership,  except  as  provided  in  this  Agreement.  At a  meeting  of  the
Partnership, the Limited Partner may vote:

                  (1) to approve  or  disapprove  the Sale or Refinancing of the
Apartment Housing;

                  (2) to remove the General Partner and elect a substitute  Gen-
eral Partner as provided in this Agreement;

                  (3) to elect a successor  General  Partner upon the Withdrawal
of the General Partner;

                                       66
<PAGE>

                  (4) to approve  or  disapprove the dissolution of the Partner-
ship;

                  (5) subject to the provisions of Article XVI hereof,  to amend
this Agreement; or

                  (6) to approve or disapprove the refinancing of the Mortgage.

         (b) On any matter  where any Partner  has the right to vote,  votes may
only be cast at a duly  called  meeting of the  Partnership  or through  written
action without a meeting.

         (c) The  Special  Limited  Partner  shall  have the right to Consent to
those  actions  or  inactions  of the  Partnership  and/or  General  Partner  as
otherwise  set forth in this  Agreement,  and the General  Partner is prohibited
from any action or inaction  requiring such Consent unless such Consent has been
obtained.

         Section 17.2 Meeting of Partnership. Meetings of the Partnership may be
called  either (a) at any time by the General  Partner;  or (b) upon the General
Partner's  receipt of a written or facsimile  request  from the Limited  Partner
setting forth the purpose of such meeting.  Within ten days after receipt of the
Limited  Partner's  written or  facsimile  request  for a meeting,  the  General
Partner  shall provide all Partners  with written  notice of the meeting  (which
shall be by telephone  conference,  or at the principal place of business of the
Partnership or such other location referenced in the notice) to be held not less
than 15 days nor more than 30 days after  receipt of such  written or  facsimile
request from the Limited Partner,  which notice shall specify the time and place
of such  meeting  and the purpose or purposes  thereof.  If the General  Partner
fails to provide the written notice of the meeting within ten days after receipt
of the Limited Partner's request to hold a meeting, then the Limited Partner may
provide the  written  notice of the meeting to all the  Partners,  which  notice
shall  specify  the time and place of such  meeting  and the purpose or purposes
thereof.  All meetings and actions of the Limited  Partner  shall be governed in
all  respects,  including  matters  relating  to  notice,  quorum,  adjournment,
proxies,  record  dates  and  actions  without  a  meeting,  by  the  applicable
provisions of the Act, as it shall be amended from time to time.

         Section 17.3 Notices.  Any notice given  pursuant to this Agreement may
be  served  personally  on the  Partner  to be  notified,  sent  by a  reputable
overnight delivery service or may be mailed, first class postage prepaid, to the
following  address,  or to such  other  address as a party may from time to time
designate in writing:

                                       67
<PAGE>

To the General Partner:          Central Missouri Counties' Human Developmen,
                                 a Non-Profit Corporation
                                 807-B North Providence Road
                                 Columbia, Missouri 65203

To the Limited Partner:          WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 6
                                 c/o WNC & Associates, Inc.
                                 3158 Redhill Ave., Suite 120
                                 Costa Mesa, California 92626-3416

To the Missouri
Limited Partner:                 WNC Missouri Tax Credits XXXI, L.P.
                                 c/o WNC & Associates, Inc.
                                 3158 Redhill Ave., Suite 120
                                 Costa Mesa, California 92626-3416

To the Special
Limited Partner:                 WNC Housing, L.P.
                                 3158 Redhill Ave., Suite 120
                                 Costa Mesa, California 92626-3416

         Section 17.4 Successors  and Assigns.  All the terms and conditions  of
this Agreement  shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors
and assigns of the Partners.

         Section 17.5 Recording of Certificate  of Limited  Partnership.  If the
General Partner should deem it advisable to do so, the Partnership  shall record
in the office of the County  Recorder of the county in which the principal place
of business of the Partnership is located a certified copy of the Certificate of
Limited  Partnership,  or any  amendment  thereto,  after  such  Certificate  or
amendment has been filed with the Secretary of State of the State.

         Section 17.6 Amendment of Certificate of Limited Partnership.

         (a) The General  Partner shall cause to be filed,  within 30 days after
the happening of any of the following events, an amendment to the Certificate of
Limited Partnership reflecting the occurrence of any of the following.

                  (1) a change in the name of the Partnership.

                  (2) a change in the address,  or the Withdrawal,  of a General
Partner,  or a change in the  address of the agent for  service of  process,  or
appointment of a new agent for service of process.

                  (3) the  admission  of a General  Partner  and that  Partner's
address; or

                                       68
<PAGE>

                  (4) the  discovery  by the  General  Partner  of any  false or
erroneous material statement contained in the Certificate of Limited Partnership
or any amendment thereto.

         (b) The  Certificate  of  Limited  Partnership  may also be  amended in
conformity with this Agreement at any time in any other respect that the General
Partner determines.

         (c) The  General  Partner  shall  cause  the  Certificate  of   Limited
Partnership to be amended, when required or permitted as aforesaid,  by filing a
certificate of amendment  thereto in the office of, and on a form prescribed by,
the  Secretary of State of the State.  The  certificate  of amendment  shall set
forth the  Partnership's  name,  the  Secretary  of State's  file number for the
Partnership and the text of the amendment.

         Section 17.7 Counterparts.  This   Agreement  may be executed in one or
more  counterparts,  each of  which  shall  be  deemed  an  original,  and  said
counterparts  shall  constitute  but one  and  the  same  instrument  which  may
sufficiently be evidenced by one counterpart.

         Section 17.8 Captions.  Captions  to  and  headings  of  the  Articles,
Sections and  subsections of this Agreement are solely for the  conveniences  of
the Partners,  are not a part of this  Agreement,  and shall not be used for the
interpretation  or  determination  of the  validity  of  this  Agreement  or any
provision hereof.

         Section 17.9 Saving Clause. If any provision of this Agreement,  or the
application  of such  provision  to any  Person or  circumstance,  shall be held
invalid,  the remainder of this Agreement,  or the application of such provision
to Persons  or  circumstances  other than those as to which it is held  invalid,
shall not be affected thereby.

         Section 17.10 Certain Provisions.  If the operation of any provision of
this  Agreement  would  contravene  the  provisions of applicable  law, or would
result in the imposition of general  liability on any Limited  Partner,  Special
Limited Partner or Missouri Limited  Partner,  such provisions shall be void and
ineffectual.

         Section 17.11 Tax Matters  Partner.  All the Partners hereby agree that
the General Partner shall be the "Tax Matters Partner"  pursuant to the Code and
in  connection  with  any  audit  of  the  federal  income  tax  returns  of the
Partnership.

         (a) The Tax Matters  Partner shall  furnish to each Partner  notice and
information with respect to the following:  closing conference with an examining
agent;  proposed  adjustments,  rights of appeal,  and requirements for filing a
protest;  time and place of any appeals  conference;  acceptance by the Internal
Revenue Service of any settlement offer;  consent to the extension of the period
of  limitation   with  respect  to  all  Partners;   filing  of  a  request  for
administrative  adjustment  on  behalf  of the  Partnership;  filing  by the Tax

                                       69
<PAGE>

Matters Partner or any other Partner of any petition for judicial review; filing
of any appeal with respect to any judicial  determination;  and a final judicial
redetermination.

         (b) If the  Tax  Matters  Partner  shall  determine  to  litigate   any
administrative  determination  relating to federal income tax matters,  then the
Tax Matters  Partner shall litigate such matter in such court as the Tax Matters
Partner shall decide in its sole discretion.

         (c) In  discharging  its duties and  responsibilities,  the Tax Matters
Partner shall act as a fiduciary (1) to the Limited Partner (to the exclusion of
the other  Partners)  insofar  as tax  matters  related to the Tax  Credits  are
concerned, and (2) to all of the Partners in other respects.

         (d) The Partners consent and agree that in connection with any audit of
the Partnership, or if the Tax Matters Partner withdraws from the Partnership or
the Tax Matters Partner becomes  Bankrupt,  then the Special Limited Partner may
become,  in its sole discretion,  a special general partner,  and become the Tax
Matters Partner.  The Limited Partner will make no claim against the Partnership
in respect of any action or omission by the Tax Matters Partner during such time
as the Special Limited Partner acts as the Tax Matters Partner.

         Section 17.12 Number and  Gender.  All   pronouns   and any  variations
thereof shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular or
plural as the identity of the Person or Persons may require.

         Section 17.13 Entire Agreement.  This Agreement  constitutes the entire
understanding  between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and
all prior  understandings and agreements  between the parties,  written or oral,
respecting this transaction are merged in this Agreement.

         Section 17.14 Governing Law. This Agreement and  its  application shall
be governed by the laws of the State.

         Section 17.15 Attorney's  Fees.  If a  suit  or action is instituted in
connection  with an  alleged  breach of any  provision  of this  Agreement,  the
prevailing party shall be entitled to recover,  in addition to costs,  such sums
as the court may adjudge  reasonable as attorney's  fees,  including fees on any
appeal.

         Section 17.16 MHDC Requirements.

The  Partnership is authorized to execute a deed of trust note and deed of trust
and  security  agreement in order to secure a loan to be made by the MHDC and to
execute an MHDC regulatory agreement (MHDC Regulatory  Agreement) and such other
documents  as may be required by MHDC,  or any other lender in  connection  with
such loan.

                                       70
<PAGE>

Upon  execution,  the  MHDC  Regulatory  Agreement  shall  be  binding  upon the
Partnership  and all of the  partners,  whether they become  Partners  before or
after the  execution  of such MHDC  Regulatory  Agreement,  and such  Regulatory
Agreement  shall remain binding upon the Partnership and the Partners so long as
a deed of trust and security  agreement on the  Partnership  property is held by
MHDC or successors or assigns.

Any  incoming  Partner  shall,  as a condition  of  receiving an interest in the
Partnership,  agree(s) to be bound by the deed of trust note,  the deed of trust
and security  agreement,  the MHDC Regulatory  Agreement and all other documents
required by MHDC, or any lender in connection  with such loan to the same extent
and upon the same terms as the other Partners.

Upon dissolution of the Partnership, no title or right to possession and control
of the Partnership property, and no right to collect the rents therefrom,  shall
pass to any  Partnership  or  person  who is not  bound by the  MHDC  Regulatory
Agreement in a manner satisfactory to MHDC.

Any  other   provisions   of  this   Partnership   Agreement   to  the  contrary
notwithstanding,  so long as the Partnership  property is encumbered by the deed
of trust and security  agreement held by MHDC or its successor or assign: (1) no
distributions  (as that term is  defined  in the MHDC  Regulatory  Agreement  or
payments to any partner  shall be made except as  permitted  by the terms of the
MHDC  Regulatory  Agreement;  and, (2)the  provisions  contained in this section
shall not be deleted, amended or modified without prior written consent of MHDC.

If anything in this Agreement conflicts with the MHDC Regulatory Agreement,  the
Regulatory Agreement shall prevail.

The Partnership shall be a single asset, single purpose entity.

         Section 17.17 Receipt  of  MHDC  Correspondence.  By  their  signatures
below,  the Partners  agree that the General  Partner  shall send to the Limited
Partner,  Missouri  Limited  Partner and Special  Limited  Partner a copy of any
correspondence  relative to the Project's  noncompliance with the Mortgage Note,
relative  to  the  acceleration  of  the  Mortgage  Note  and  relative  to  the
disposition of the Project.

         Section 17.18 Security  Interest and Right of Set-Off.  As security for
the  performance  of the  respective  obligations  to which any  Partner  may be
subject  under this  Agreement,  the  Partnership  shall have (and each  Partner
hereby  grants to the  Partnership)  a  security  interest  in their  respective
Interests  of such  Partner in all funds  distributable  to said  Partner to the
extent of the amount of such obligation.

         Section 17.19 Liability for Acts and Omissions.

         (a) Neither the General Partner nor any Affiliate shall be liable,  re-
sponsible  or  accountable  in  damages  or  otherwise  to any  of  the Partners
of the  Partnership  for any act or  omissions  performed or omitted by them  if

                                       71
<PAGE>

they  determined  in good faith that such  action  or  omission  was in the best
interests of the Partnership,  and such course of action did not constitute neg-
ligence or misconduct by such Persons.

         (b) The  Partnership  shall not incur the cost of that  portion  of any
insurance, other  than  public  liability  insurance,  which  insures  any party
against any  liability  as to which such party is herein  prohibited  from being
indemnified.

         (c) The  General  Partner  shall  not   be   required  by  this  Agree-
ment to take any action requiring the expenditure of funds if  Partnership funds
are not available.

         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this  Amended and  Restated  Agreement of Limited
Partnership of Boonville Associates I, L.P., a Missouri limited partnership,  is
made and entered into as of the ________ day of _________________, 2000.

GENERAL PARTNER


  Central Missouri Counties' Human Development, a Non-profit Corporation,

  By:     ____________________________
          David L. Thayer,
          Executive Director

  WITHDRAWING LIMITED PARTNER

  Crestwood Development, Inc.

  By:     ____________________________
          Kenneth M. Vitor,
          President

   LIMITED PARTNER

   WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 6

   By:     WNC & Associates, Inc.,
           General Partner

           By:      _________________________
                    David N. Shafer,
                    Executive Vice President



Signatures continued on next page

                                       72
<PAGE>

 SPECIAL LIMITED PARTNER

 WNC Housing, L.P.

 By:     WNC & Associates, Inc.,
         General Partner

         By:      _____________________________
                  David N. Shafer,
                  Senior Vice President

 MISSOURI LIMITED PARTNER

 WNC Missouri Tax Credits XXXI, L.P.

 By:     WNC Advisors, LLC
         General Partner

         By:      WNC & Associates, Inc.
                  Managing Member

                  By:      ___________________________
                           David N. Shafer,
                           Executive Vice President



                                       73
<PAGE>

                       EXHIBIT A TO PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT

                                LEGAL DESCRIPTION

A tract of land  proposed Lot H,  WOODLAND  PARK Plat 1 located in the Northeast
Quarter of Section  Eleven (11) and in the Northwest  Quarter of Section  Twelve
(12), both in Township  Forty-eith (48) North, Range Seventeen (17) West, Cooper
County  Missouri,  being  part of the tract  described  by the  Quit-Claim  Deed
recorded in Book 195, Page 186 and being more particularly described as follows:
Commencing at the Northwest  corner of Section  Twelve (12),  Forty-eight  (48),
Township  Seventeen  (17);  thence  with the Section  line,  North 84 degrees 46
minutes 55 seconds East 30.00 feet;  thence  leaving said section line,  South 4
degrees 2 minutes 5 seconds East 190.00 feet to the point of  beginning;  thence
from the  point of  beginning,  continuing  South 4  degrees 2 minutes 3 seconds
East,  265.94 feet;  thence  South 50 degrees 25 minutes 40 seonds West,  680.60
feet to the  Southwest  line  of the  tract  described  by the  Quit-Claim  Deed
recorded  in Book 195,  Page 186;  thence  with said  line,  North 50 degrees 00
minutes 55 seconds West 191.97 feet to the right-of-way  line of Route B; thence
North 46 degrees 36 minutes 50 seconds East, 16.89 feet; thence North 49 degrees
43 minutes 40 seconds  West,  100.76  feet;  thence North 4 degrees 57 minutes 5
seconds  West,  440.00 feet;  thence North 85 degrees 25 minutes 45 seconds East
757.99 feet to the point of beginning.

                                      A-1
<PAGE>

                       EXHIBIT B TO PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT

                              FORM OF LEGAL OPINION



WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 6
c/o WNC & Associates, Inc.
3158 Redhill Avenue, Suite 120
Costa Mesa, California  92626

RE:      Boonville Associates I, L.P.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

         You have  requested  our  opinion  with  respect to certain  matters in
connection  with the investment by WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P.,  Series
6, a California limited partnership (the "Limited Partner") and WNC Missouri Tax
Credits XXXI,  L.P., a California  limited  partnership  (the "Missouri  Limited
Partner")  in  Boonville  Associates  I, L.P.  (the  "Partnership"),  a Missouri
limited  partnership formed to own, develop,  construct,  finance and operate an
apartment complex for low-income persons (the "Apartment Complex") in Boonville,
Cooper  County,  Missouri.  The general  partner of the  Partnership  is Central
Missouri  Counties' Human  Development,  a Non-Profit  Corporation (the "General
Partners").

         In rendering  the opinions  stated  below,  we have examined and relied
upon the following:

         (i)               [Certificate of Limited Partnership];

         (ii)              [Amended and  Restated  Agreement of Limited Partner-
                           ship](the "Partnership Agreement");

         (iii)             A   preliminary   reservation   letter   from  [State
                           Allocating   Agency]  (the  "State   Agency")   dated
                           _________,      199___     conditionally     awarding
                           $_______________  in Federal tax credits annually for
                           each of ten years and  $_______________ in California
                           tax credits  annually  for each of four years for the
                           Apartment Complex; and

         (iv)              Such other  documents,  records and instruments as we
                           have deemed necessary in order to enable us to render
                           the opinions referred to in this letter.

         For  purposes of rendering  the  opinions  stated below we have assumed
that,  in  those  cases in which  we have  not  been  involved  directly  in the
preparation,  execution  or the  filing  of a  document,  that (a) the  document
reviewed  by us is an  original  document,  or a true and  accurate  copy of the
original document,  and has not been subsequently amended, (b) the signatures on
each original document are genuine, and (c) each party who executed the document
had proper authority and capacity.

                                      B-1
<PAGE>

Based on the foregoing we are of the opinion that:

         (a)  ________________________,  one  of  the  General  Partners,  is  a
[corporation/partnership] duly formed and validly existing under the laws of the
State of  _____________________  and has full power and  authority to enter into
and    perform    its    obligations    under   the    Partnership    Agreement.
_____________________,    one   of   the   other   General   Partners,    is   a
[corporation/partnership] duly formed and validly existing under the laws of the
State of  __________________  and has full power and authority to enter into and
perform its obligations under the Partnership Agreement.

         (b) The  Partnership is a limited  partnership  duly formed and validly
existing under the laws of the State of Missouri.

         (c) The  Partnership is validly  existing under and subject to the laws
of   Missouri    with   full   power   and    authority    to   own,    develop,
[construct/rehabilitate],  finance  and  operate  the  Apartment  Complex and to
otherwise conduct business under the Partnership Agreement.

         (d) Execution of the  Partnership  Agreement by the General  Partner(s)
has been duly and validly  authorized by or on behalf of the General  Partner(s)
and,  having been  executed and  delivered  in  accordance  with its terms,  the
Partnership Agreement constitutes the valid and binding agreement of the General
Partner(s), enforceable in accordance with its terms.

         (e) The  execution  and  delivery of the  Partnership  Agreement by the
General Partner(s) does not conflict with and will not result in a breach of any
of the terms,  provisions or conditions of any agreement or instrument  known to
counsel to which any of the General  Partner(s) or the Partnership is a party or
by which any of them may be bound,  or any  order,  rule,  or  regulation  to be
applicable  to any of  such  parties  of  any  court  or  governmental  body  or
administrative  agency having  jurisdiction over any of such parties or over the
property.

         (f) To the best of counsel's knowledge,  after due inquiry, there is no
litigation  or  governmental   proceeding  pending  or  threatened  against,  or
involving the Apartment  Complex,  the  Partnership or any General Partner which
would  materially  adversely  affect the  condition  (financial or otherwise) or
business of the Apartment Complex, the Partnership or any of the Partners of the
Partnership.

         (g) The Limited  Partner and the Special  Limited  Partner and Missouri
Limited Partner have been admitted to the Partnership as limited partners of the

                                      B-2
<PAGE>

Partnership  under law and are entitled to all of the rights of limited partners
under  the  Partnership  Agreement.  Except  as  described  in  the  Partnership
Agreement,  no person is a partner of or has any legal or equitable  interest in
the  Partnership,  and all former  partners  of record or known to counsel  have
validly  withdrawn from the Partnership and have released any claims against the
Partnership arising out of their participation as partners therein.

         (h) Liability of the Limited Partner for obligations of the Partnership
is limited to the amount of the Limited Partner's capital contributions required
by the Partnership  Agreement and liability of the Missouri  Limited Partner for
obligations of the Partnership is limited to the amount of the Missouri  Limited
Partner's capital contributions required by the Partnership Agreement.

         (i) Neither the General  Partner(s) of the  Partnership nor the Limited
Partner nor the Special Limited  Partner and Missouri  Limited Partner will have
any liability for the Mortgage  represented  thereby (as those terms are defined
in the Partnership Agreement, and the lender of the Mortgage Loan will look only
to its security in the Apartment Complex for repayment of the Mortgage Loan.

         (j) The  Partnership  owns a  fee  simple  interest  in  the  Apartment
Complex.

         (k) To the best of our actual knowledge and belief,  after due inquiry,
the Partnership has obtained all consents, permissions,  licenses, approvals, or
orders required by all applicable  governmental  or regulatory  agencies for the
development,  [construction/  rehabilitation]  and  operation  of the  Apartment
Complex, and the Apartment Complex conforms to all applicable Federal, state and
local land use, zoning, health, building and safety laws, ordinances,  rules and
regulations.

         (l) The  non-profit  General  Partner:  (I)  is  described  within  the
meaning of Section 509(a) and is exempt from tax under Section  501(c)(4) of the
Internal  Revenue  Code;  (ii)  is  determined  by the  State  Agency  not to be
affiliated with or controlled by a for-profit organization; and (iii) one of the
exempt purposes of such non-profit General Partner includes the fostering of low
income housing.

         (m) The non-profit  General Partner  owns  an interest in the Apartment
Complex (directly or through a partnership) and materially participates  [within

                                      B-3
<PAGE>

the meaning of Section 469(h)] in the development and operation of the Apartment
Complex through out the tax credit compliance period.

         (n) The  non-profit  General  Partner  satisfies the  requirements  and
conditions  of California  Revenue and Taxation  Code Sections  214(g) and 214.8
and, provided such  requirements and conditions are maintained,  the Partnership
shall be  entitled  to a property  tax  exemption  within  the  meaning of those
Sections.

         (o) The Apartment Complex has obtained a preliminary reservation of low
income housing tax credits ("LIHTC") and Missouri low income housing tax credits
("Missouri  Tax  Credits")  from the State Agency.  The final  allocation of the
LIHTC and Missouri Tax Credits,  and  ultimately  eligibility  of the  Apartment
Complex for such final allocation are subject to a series of requirements  which
must be met,  performed  or  achieved  at various  times prior to and after such
final allocation.  Assuming all such requirements are met, performed or achieved
at the time or times provided by applicable laws and regulations,  the Apartment
Complex will qualify for LIHTC and Missouri Tax Credits.

         All of the  opinions  set forth above are  qualified to the extent that
the validity of any  provision of any agreement may be subject to or affected by
applicable bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium or similar laws
affecting the rights of creditors generally. We do not express any opinion as to
the  availability  of any equitable or specific remedy upon any breach of any of
the covenants,  warranties or other  provisions  contained in any agreement.  We
have not examined,  and we express no opinion with respect to, the applicability
of, or liability under, any Federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation
governing or  pertaining  to  environmental  matters,  hazardous  wastes,  toxic
substances or the like.

         We express no opinion as to any matter  except  those set forth  above.
These opinions are rendered for use by the Limited Partner and its legal counsel
and the Missouri Limited Partner and its legal counsel. We acknowledge that each
such legal counsel will rely on this opinion in connection  with federal  income
tax  opinions to be rendered by that firm.  This opinion may not be delivered to
or  relied  upon by any  other  person or entity  without  our  express  written
consent.


Sincerely,


--------------------

                                      B-4
<PAGE>

                       EXHIBIT C TO PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT

                           CERTIFICATION AND AGREEMENT

         CERTIFICATION  AND  AGREEMENT  made as of the  date  written  below  by
Boonville   Associates   I,  L.P.,   a   Missouri   limited   partnership   (the
"Partnership");  Central Missouri  Counties' Human  Development  Corporation,  a
Non-profit Corporation (the "General Partner"); and Crestwood Development, Inc.,
(the "Original  General  Partner")for the benefit of WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund
VI,  L.P.,  Series 6, a  California  limited  partnership  and WNC  Missouri Tax
Credits  XXXI,   L.P.,  a  California   limited   partnership  (the  "Investment
Partnerships"), and WNC & Associates, Inc. ("WNC").

         WHEREAS, the Partnership  proposes to admit the Investment  Partnership
as a limited  partner thereof  pursuant to an Amended and Restated  Agreement of
Limited  Partnership  of  the  Partnership  (the  "Partnership  Agreement"),  in
accordance with which the Investment  Partnership will make substantial  capital
contributions to the Partnership; and

         WHEREAS,  the Investment  Partnership  and WNC have relied upon certain
information  and  representations  described  herein in evaluating the merits of
investment by the Investment Partnership in the Partnership;

         NOW, THEREFORE,  to induce the Investment Partnership to enter into the
Partnership  Agreement and become a limited partner of the Partnership,  and for
$1.00 and other good and  valuable  consideration,  the receipt and  adequacy of
which are hereby  acknowledged,  the  Partnership,  the General  Partner and the
Original  Limited  Partner  hereby  agree  as  follows  for the  benefit  of the
Investment Partnership and WNC.

         1. Representations,   Warranties  and  Covenants  of  the  Partnership,
            the General Partner and the Original Limited Partner

         The  Partnership,  the General Partner and the Original Limited Partner
jointly  and  severally  represent,   warrant  and  certify  to  the  Investment
Partnership  and WNC  that,  with  respect  to the  Partnership,  as of the date
hereof:

                  1.1 The  Partnership is duly organized and in good standing as
a limited  partnership  pursuant to the laws of the state of its formation  with
full power and authority to own its apartment complex (the "Apartment  Complex")
and conduct its business; the Partnership,  the General Partner and the Original
Limited  Partner  have the power and  authority  to enter into and perform  this
Certification  and Agreement;  the execution and delivery of this  Certification
and Agreement by the  Partnership,  the General Partner and the Original Limited

                                      C-1
<PAGE>

Partner  have been duly and validly  authorized  by all  necessary  action;  the
execution and delivery of this  Certification and Agreement,  the fulfillment of
its terms and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder do not and
will not conflict  with or result in a violation,  breach or  termination  of or
constitute a default  under (or would not result in such a conflict,  violation,
breach,  termination  or default with the giving of notice or passage of time or
both) any other  agreement,  indenture or instrument by which the Partnership or
any General Partner or Original Limited Partner is bound or any law, regulation,
judgment,  decree or order  applicable to the Partnership or any General Partner
or  Original  Limited  Partner  or  any of  their  respective  properties;  this
Certification  and Agreement  constitutes the valid and binding agreement of the
Partnership,  the General Partner and the Original Limited Partner,  enforceable
against each of them in accordance with its terms.

                  1.2 The  General  Partner  has  delivered  to  the  Investment
Partnership,  WNC or their affiliates all documents and information  which would
be  material  to a  prudent  investor  in  deciding  whether  to  invest  in the
Partnership. All factual information provided to the Investment Partnership, WNC
or their affiliates either in writing or orally, did not, at the time given, and
does not, on the date hereof, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances  under which
they are made.

                  1.3 Each of the  representations  and warranties  contained in
the Partnership Agreement is true and correct as of the date hereof.

                  1.4 Each of the  covenants and  agreements of the  Partnership
and the General  Partner  contained in the  Partnership  Agreement has been duly
performed  to the extent  that  performance  of any  covenant  or  agreement  is
required on or prior to the date hereof.

                  1.5 All conditions to admission of the Investment  Partnership
as  the  investment  limited  partner  of  the  Partnership   contained  in  the
Partnership Agreement have been satisfied.

                  1.6 No  default  has  occurred  and is  continuing  under  the
Partnership  Agreement or any of the Project  Documents (as such term is defined
in the Partnership Agreement) for the Partnership.

                  1.7 The  Partnership  will allocate to the Limited Partner the
Projected  Annual  Tax  Credits,  or  the  Revised  Projected  Tax  Credits,  if
applicable, and the Projected Missouri Tax Credits, if applicable.

                  1.8 The General  Partner agrees to take all actions  necessary
to claim the  Projected  Tax  Credit  and the  Projected  Missouri  Tax  Credit,
including,  without  limitation,  the filing of Form(s)  8609 with the  Internal
Revenue Service.

                                      C-2
<PAGE>

                  1.9 No person or entity  other than the Partnership  holds any
equity  interest in the Apartment Complex.

                  1.10 The  Partnership has the sole  responsibility  to pay all
maintenance  and operating  costs,  including all taxes levied and all insurance
costs, attributable to the Apartment Complex.

                  1.11 The Partnership,  except to the extent it is protected by
insurance and  excluding any risk borne by lenders,  bears the sole risk of loss
if the  Apartment  Complex is destroyed or condemned or there is a diminution in
the value of the Apartment Complex.

                  1.12 No person or entity except the  Partnership has the right
to any proceeds, after payment of all indebtedness,  from the sale, refinancing,
or leasing of the Apartment Complex.

                  1.13 No  General  Partner  is  related  in any  manner  to the
Investment  Partnership,  nor is any General  Partner  acting as an agent of the
Investment Partnership.

         2. Miscellaneous

                  2.1 This  Certification  and  Agreement is made solely for the
benefit of the Investment  Partnership and WNC, and their respective  successors
and  assignees,  and no other person shall acquire or have any right under or by
virtue of this Agreement.

                  2.2 This  Certification  and  Agreement  may  be  executed  in
several  counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed to be an original,  all of
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

                  2.3 Capitalized    terms   used   but  not   defined  in  this
Certification Agreement shall have the meanings given to them in the Partnership
Agreement.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  this Certificate and Agreement is made and entered
into as of the day of ____________, 2000.

PARTNERSHIP

Boonville Associates I, L.P.

By:      Central Missouri Counties' Human Development,
         a Non-Profit Corporation,
         General Partner

         By:      ________________________
                  David L. Thayer,
                  Executive Director
                                      C-3
<PAGE>

GENERAL PARTNER

Central Missouri Counties' Human Development,
a Non-Profit Corporation


By:      ____________________
         David L. Thayer,
         Executive Director


ORIGINAL LIMITED PARTNER

Crestwood Development, Inc., a Missouri corporation


By:      ___________________
         Kenneth M. Vitor,
         President






                                      C-4
<PAGE>
                       EXHIBIT D TO PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT



                         FORM OF COMPLETION CERTIFICATE

            (to be used when construction [rehabilitation] completed)

                             COMPLETION CERTIFICATE

The  undersigned,  an architect  duly  licensed and  registered  in the State of
Missouri,  has reviewed the final working plans and detailed  specifications for
Boonville Associates I, L.P., a Missouri limited partnership (the "Partnership")
in connection with the construction  [rehabilitation] of improvements on certain
real   property   located   in   Boonville,   Cooper   County,   Missouri   (the
"Improvements").

The undersigned  hereby certifies (i) that the Improvements  have been completed
substantially  in accordance with the aforesaid plans and  specifications,  (ii)
that a permanent certificate of occupancy and all other permits required for the
continued  use and occupancy of the  Improvements  have been issued with respect
thereto by the governmental agencies having jurisdiction thereof, (iii) that the
Improvements  are in compliance in all material  respects with all  requirements
and restrictions of all governmental  authorities  having  jurisdiction over the
Improvements,  including,  without limitation,  all applicable zoning, building,
environmental,  fire, and health ordinances, rules and regulations and (iv) that
all contractors,  subcontractors and workmen who worked on the Improvements have
been paid in full except for normal retainages and amounts in dispute.


-----------------------------------
Apartment Housing Architect

Date:  ____________________________


Confirmed by:


-----------------------------------
General Partner

Date:  ____________________________


                                      D-1
<PAGE>
                          EXHIBIT E TO THE PARTNERSHIP


                           [ACCOUNTANT'S CERTIFICATE]
                            [Accountant's Letterhead]

_______________, 200____


WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 6
c/o WNC & Associates, Inc.
3158 Redhill Ave., Suite 120
Costa Mesa, California 92626

RE:  Partnership
     Certification as to Amount
     of Eligible Tax Credit Base

Gentlemen:

In  connection  with the  acquisition  by WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI,  L.P.,
Series 6 (the "Limited Partner") of a limited partnership  interest in Boonville
Associates I, L.P., a Missouri  limited  partnership (the  "Partnership")  which
owns a certain parcel of land located in Fredericktown, Madison County, Missouri
and  improvements  thereon (the  "Apartment  Housing"),  the Limited Partner has
requested our  certification as to the amount of low-income  housing tax credits
("Tax Credits") available with respect to the Apartment Housing under Section 42
of the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  "Code").  Based upon our
review  of  [the  financial  information  provided  by the  Partnership]  of the
Partnership,  we are prepared to file the Federal  information tax return of the
Partnership claiming annual Tax Credits in the amount of $_______________, which
amount is based on an eligible  basis (as defined in Section  42(d) of the Code)
of the Apartment Housing of $________________,  a qualified basis (as defined in
Section 42(c) of the Code) of the Apartment Housing of $_________________ and an
applicable percentage (as defined in Section 42(b) of the Code) of _____%.

Sincerely,


-------------------------

                                      E-1
<PAGE>

                     EXHIBIT F TO THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT

                           [CONTRACTOR'S CERTIFICATE]
                            [Contractor's Letterhead]

_______________, 200____

WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 6
c/o WNC & Associates, Inc.
3158 Redhill Avenue
Suite 120
Costa Mesa, California 92626

Re: Boonville Associates I, L.P.

Dear Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned Crestwood Building Associates,  Inc. (hereinafter referred to as
"Contractor"), has furnished or has contracted to furnish labor, services and/or
materials  (hereinafter  collectively  referred to as the "Work") in  connection
with the  improvement  of certain  real  property  known as ________  located in
Boonville,   Cooper  County,  Missouri  (hereinafter  known  as  the  "Apartment
Housing").

Contractor makes the following  representations and warranties regarding Work at
the Apartment Housing.

      Work on said  Apartment  Housing  has  been  performed  and  completed  in
     accordance with the plans and specifications for the Apartment Housing.

      Contractor acknowledges that all amounts owed pursuant to the contract for
     Work performed for Boonville Associates I, L.P. is paid in full.

      Contractor  acknowledges  that  Boonville  Associates  I,  L.P.  is not in
     violation with terms and conditions of the contractual documents related to
     the Apartment Housing.

      Contractor   warrants   that  all  parties  who  have  supplied  Work  for
     improvement of the Apartment Housing have been paid in full.

      Contractor  acknowledges  the contract to be paid in full and releases any
     lien or right to lien against the above property.

The  undersigned  has  personal  knowledge of the matters  stated  herein and is
authorized  and  fully  qualified  to  execute  this  document  on behalf of the
Contractor.

             (NAME OF COMPANY)

             By:_________________________________________

             Title:________________________________________

                                      F-1
<PAGE>
                       EXHIBIT G TO THE PARTNERSHIP
                              REPORT OF OPERATIONS
                 QUARTER ENDED:____________________________,200X

-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
LOCAL PARTNERSHIP:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------

-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
GENERAL PARTNER:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
FIRM NAME:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
ADDRESS:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
CITY, STATE, ZIP:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
PHONE:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------

-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
PROPERTY NAME:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
ADDRESS:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
CITY, STATE, ZIP:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
RESIDENT MANAGER:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
PHONE:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------

-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
ACCOUNTANT:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
FIRM:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
ADDRESS:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
CITY, STATE, ZIP:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
PHONE:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------

                                      G-1
<PAGE>

------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
MANAGEMENT COMPANY
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
ADDRESS:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
CITY, STATE, ZIP:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
PHONE:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------
CONTACT:
-------------------------------------       -----------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                              OCCUPANCY INFORMATION

A. Number of Units_____ Number of RA Units_____ Number of Section 8 Tenants ____


B. Occupancy for the Quarter has: Increased ____ Decreased_____
                                  Remained the Same _____

C. Number of:  Move-Ins ______   Move-Outs __________   % of Occupancy ______


D. Average length of tenant residency:   1-6 months ______   6-12 months ______

                                         1-3 years  ______   Over 4 years_____

E. Number of Basic rent qualified applicants on waiting list:  ________

F. If the  apartments  are less than 90% occupied,  please  explain why and
describe what efforts are being made to lease-up remaining units.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

G. On site manager:   Full Time__________  Part Time____________.

   If part-time, the number of hours per week_____________.

                                       G-2
<PAGE>

                             OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

                Rent Schedule and Increases from Previous Quarter


                       Number     Monthly Rent         Rent Increases  Effective
                       of Units   Basic / Market    Amount    Percent    Date


1 Bedroom              ________   ______________    _________________  ________

2 Bedroom              ________   ______________    _________________  ________

3 Bedroom              ________   ______________    _________________  ________


                              PROPOSED MAINTENANCE


                                       Completed        Funded by
   Type                Description        or            Operations or    Amount
                                        Planned         Reserves
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interior Painting
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exterior Painting
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Siding
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Roofing
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Drainage
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Paving
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Landscaping
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Playground
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Community Room
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Laundry Room
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common Areas
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Carpet
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Appliances
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lighting
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Please describe in detail any major repairs:

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                       G-3
<PAGE>

                              CONDITION OF PROPERTY

THE OVERALL APPEARANCE OF THE BUILDING(S) IS:

Excellent                  Good                     Fair                Bad

THE OVERALL APPEARANCE OF THE GROUNDS IS:

Excellent                  Good                     Fair                 Bad

EXTERIOR CONDITION (Please Check Appropriate Box)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Type of Condition        Excellent       Good          Fair    Problems/Comments
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Signage
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Parking Lots
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Office/Storage
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Equipment
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Community Building
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Laundry Room
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Benches/Playground
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lawns, Plantings
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Drainage, Erosion
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Carports
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fences
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Walks/Steps/Guardrails
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lighting
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Painting
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Walls/Foundation
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Roof/Flashing/Vents
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gutters/Splashblocks
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balconies/Patios
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Doors Windows/Screens
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Elevators
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

INTERIOR CONDITION
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stairs
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Flooring
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Doors/Cabinets/Hardware
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Drapes/Blinds
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interior Painting
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Refrig/Stoves/Sinks
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bathroom/Tubs/Showers
    Toilets
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       G-4
<PAGE>
                                FINANCIAL STATUS

A.     Replacement Reserve is:   Fully-funded     Under-funded      Amount
       (complete attached schedule)
       Tax/Insurance Escrow is:  Fully-funded     Under-funded      Amount
       (complete attached schedule)
       Property is operating at a:    Surplus      Deficit          Amount

       If deficit, General Partner funding?        Yes     No       Amount

       Mortgage Payments are:   On Schedule        Delinquent       Amount

       Are the taxes current?          Yes         No
       (please provide copy of paid tax bill)
       Is the insurance current?       Yes         No        Renewal Date
       (please provide copy of yearly renewal)

B.     Please note and explain any significant changes in the following:

       Administrative Expense   Increase        Decrease            Amount

       ------------------------------------------------------------------------

       ------------------------------------------------------------------------

       Repairs/Maintenance Expense      Increase    Decrease         Amount

       ------------------------------------------------------------------------

       ------------------------------------------------------------------------

       Utility Expense        Increase          Decrease             Amount

       ------------------------------------------------------------------------

       ------------------------------------------------------------------------

       Taxes/Insurance Expense    Increase       Decrease            Amount

       ------------------------------------------------------------------------

       ------------------------------------------------------------------------


C.     Do you anticipate making a return to owner distribution?   Yes      No

       Explanation:
       ------------------------------------------------------------------------

       ------------------------------------------------------------------------

D.     Please explain in detail any change in the financial condition:

       ------------------------------------------------------------------------

       ------------------------------------------------------------------------
E.     Any insurance claims files?  Yes______   No______
       If yes, please explain:
       ------------------------------------------------------------------------

       ------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       G-5
<PAGE>
                              SCHEDULE OF RESERVES

                            Replacement    Tax & Insurance    Other      Total

Beginning Balance:

Deposits:

       ----------         -----------       ----------       -------    -------

       ----------         -----------       ----------       -------    -------

       ----------         -----------       ----------       -------    -------

Total Deposits
                          -----------       ----------       -------    -------
Authorized Disbursements:
       Description:

       ---------         -----------        ----------       -------    -------

       ---------         -----------        ----------       -------    -------

       ---------         -----------        ----------       -------    -------

       ---------         -----------        ----------       -------    -------

       ---------         -----------        ----------       -------    -------

       ---------         -----------        ----------       -------    -------

Total Disbursements:     -----------        ----------       --------    ------

Ending Balance: (1)      -----------        ----------       --------    ------

Required Balance:        -----------        ----------       --------    ------

Over/under funding:      -----------        ----------       --------    ------

(1) Must agree with amount shown on the balance sheet.



Prepared By:                                                Date:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Firm:                                                       Telephone:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reminder: Please include the following documents:

              1. Completed Report of Operations
              2. Balance Sheet
              3. Statement of Income & Expenses
              4. Rent roll for quarter ending
              5. Tax Credit Compliance Report

                                       G-6
<PAGE>
                          INITIAL TENANT CERTIFICATIONS
                                PARTNERSHIP NAME

Fund:            Tax Credit Set-Asides Information:  Loan/Regulatory Set-Asides:
Property Name:   [ ] 20/50 or [  ] 40/60 Election
Address:         Does the 51% average apply?
                 [  ] Y [  ] N
                 Deeper Set-Aside __% @ 50% AMI

County:
                                                    Management Company

[ ] Multi-Family                                    Contact Person:
[ ] Elderly

  24 Number of Units                                Phone #

     Number of Exempt
     Units
LIHTC Project#

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 Gross   Move-In
Unit  First Time   Move-In  # of                        # in   Income   Income
#     Tenant Name  Date     Bdrms  Sq. Ft.   Set-Aside  Unit   Move-In  Limits
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      BIN #        Certificate of Occupancy Date:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     BIN #          Certificate of Occupancy Date:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     BIN #           Certificate of Occupancy Date:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      G-7
<PAGE>

                          INITIAL TENANT CERTIFICATIONS
                                PARTNERSHIP NAME
(CONTINUED)

Tenant                                        Less                Tenant
Income       Income         Asset      Unit   Rent      Tenant    Utility
Qualified Verification  Verification   Rent   Subsidy   Payment   Allowance

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      G-8
<PAGE>


                          INITIAL TENANT CERTIFICATIONS
                                PARTNERSHIP NAME
(CONTINUED)

     Tenant                   Tenant            Overall
Gross     Maximum             Rent              Tenant
Rent      Rent                Qualified         Eligible

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              YES               YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              YES               YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              YES               YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              YES               YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              YES               YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              YES               YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              YES               YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              YES               YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              YES               YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              YES               YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              YES               YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              YES               YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              YES               YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              YES               YES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                       G-9
<PAGE>

                     QUARTERLY TAX CREDIT COMPLIANCE REPORT
                                  PROPERTY NAME


Quarter Ending: Tax Credit Set-Asides Information:  Loan/Regulatory Set-Asides:
                [  ] 20/50 or [  ] 40/60 Election
                Does the 51% average apply? [  ] Y [  ] N
                Deeper Set-Aside : ( List Details)

Property Address:

County:    Allocation:                                 Management Company:

      [  ] Pre-1990 (Rent based on number of persons)  Contact Person:
      [  ] Elected to change No. Bedrm
      [  ] Post-1989 (Based on number of Bedroom)

[  ] Multi-Family  [  ] Elderly                         Phone No.

      Number of Units
      Number of Exempt Units                            Fax No.
                                                        Prepared by:

LIHTC Project#
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          Gross    Annual
Unit   Tenant    Move-In   # Of     Inc.   Set-  # In     Annual   Income
#      Name      Date      Bdrms    Pct.  Aside  Unit     Income   Limits
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      G-10
<PAGE>




                     QUARTERLY TAX CREDIT COMPLIANCE REPORT
                                  PROPERTY NAME
(CONTINUED)


Annual  Tenant                                   Less
Recert.  Income      Income     Assets   Unit    Rent     Tenant
Date   Qualified   Verified   Verified   Rent  Subsidy   Payment

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      G-11
<PAGE>

        Tenant              Tenant     Overall
Utility   Gross   Maximum    Rent       Tenat
Allow.    Rent    Rent    Qualified    Eligible

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                  G-12
<PAGE>



                       Tenant Tax Credit Compliance Audit
                         Document Transmittal Checklist

Unit Number          Property Name                                   Date


Tenant Name                                               Completed By:


Initial  _________        Annual________
  Check Box for Type of Certification         Management Company
                                                 This Section For WNC Use Only
Check Documents Being Sent
                                                          Received.  Reviewed
___Internal Checklist or worksheet ___Initial - Rental Application/Rental
Agreement ___Initial - Questionnaire of Income/Assets ___Recertification -
Questionnaire of Income/Assets ___Recertification - Addendum to Lease
___Employment Verification ___Employment Termination Verification ___Military
Verification ___Verification of Welfare Benefits ___Verification of Social
Security Benefits ___Verification of Disability Benefits ___Unemployment
Verification ___Verification of Unemployment Compensation ___Verification
Worksmen Compensation ___Retirement/Annuities Verification ___Verification of
Veterans Pension ___Verification of Child Support ___Verification of Alimony
Support ___Disposed of Assets Last 2 yrs.
___Real
___Investment
___Assets Verifications (savings, stocks etc.)
___Trusts/with Current Tax Return
___Lump Sum Settlements
___Notarized Affidavit of Support
___Certification of Handicap
___Notarized Self-Employed-Tax Return
___Notarized statement of no income
___Tenant Certification
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          This Section For WNC Use Only

         YES  NO
                     Are all required forms completed? Are all required forms
                     dated? Did the Manager and Tenant sign all documents? Third
                     party verification of income completed? Third party
                     verification of assets completed?
                     Are verifications completed for all members 18 yrs. and
                     over?
                     Did all the members of the household 18 yrs. and
                     over sign all documents?
                     Is lease completed with a minimum of six months/ SRO
                     monthly?
                     Addendum completed?
                     Tenant Certification completed?
                     Are all members of the household full-time students?
                     Is utility allowance correct?
                     Is correct income limit being used?
                     Is correct rent limit being used?

                       For tenants with no income

                     Was notarized statement of no income obtained with tax
                     return?
                     or Were all sources verified (AFDC, Unemployment,
                        Soc. Sec., Disability)?



                                       G-13

<PAGE>
                        TAX CREDIT COMPLIANCE MONITORING:
                              ANNUAL CERTIFICATION

         As General Partner of Boonville Associates I, L.P., I hereby certify as
to the following:

         1. Boonville Associates I, L.P. owns  a  24  unit  project  ("Apartment
Housing") in Fredericktown, Madison County, Missouri.

         2. An annual income certification (including supporting  documentation)
has been received from each tenant. The income  certification  reflects that the
tenant's income meets the income limitation  applicable to the Apartment Housing
pursuant to Section 42(g)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code ("Code").

         3. The  Apartment  Housing satisfies the requirements of the applicable
minimum set aside test as defined in Section 42(g)(1) of the Code.

         4. Each unit within the Apartment Housing is rent restricted as defined
in Section 42(g)(2)of the Code.

         5. Each  unit in the  Apartment  Housing  is  available  for use by the
general public and not for use on a transient basis.

         6. Each building in the Apartment  Housing is suitable for occupancy in
accordance with local health, safety, and building codes.

         7. During the  preceding  calendar  year,  there had been no change  in
the eligible  basis,  as defined in Section  42(d)of the Code,  of any  building
within the Apartment Housing.

         8. All common area facilities  included in the eligible  basis  of  the
Apartment Complex are provided to the tenants on a  comparable  basis  without a
separate fee to any tenant in the Apartment Housing.

         9.  During the  preceding  calendar  year when a unit in the  Apartment
Housing became vacant reasonable attempts were made to rent that unit to tenants
whose incomes met the income  limitation  applicable  to the  Apartment  Housing
pursuant to Section 42(g)(1) of the Code and while that unit was vacant no units
of  comparable  or smaller size were rented to tenants whose income did not meet
the income  limitation  applicable to the Apartment  Housing pursuant to Section
42(g)(1) of the Code.

         10.  If the  income  of a tenant  in a unit  increased  above the limit
allowed in Section 42 (g)(2)(D)(ii),  then the next available unit of comparable
or smaller size was rented to tenants  whose  incomes met the income  limitation
applicable to the Apartment Housing pursuant to Section 42(g)(1) of the Code.

IN  VERIFICATION  OF THE  FOREGOING  ENCLOSED  HEREWITH  IS A COPY OF THE ANNUAL
INCOME  CERTIFICATION  RECEIVED FROM EACH TENANT IN THE PROJECT.  UPON REQUEST I
WILL PROVIDE  COPIES OF ALL  DOCUMENTATION  RECEIVED  FROM THE TENANT TO SUPPORT
THAT CERTIFICATION.

         I  declare  under  penalty  of  perjury  under  the law of the State of
Missouri that the foregoing is true and correct.


         Executed this day of            at              ,                  .



------------------------------------


                                       G-14
<PAGE>

                      Calculation of Debt Service Coverage

                                      Month 1        Month 2       Month 3
                                    ------------   ------------  ------------

                INCOME

  Gross Potential Rent
  Other Income
  Vacancy Loss
                                    ------------   ------------  ------------
  Adjusted Gross Income
                                    ------------   ------------  ------------

                       OPERATING EXPENSES

  Utilities
  Maintenance
  Management Fee
  Administration
  Insurance
  Real Estate Taxes
  Other Expenses
                                    ------------   ------------  ------------
  Total Operating Expenses
                                    ------------   ------------  ------------

  Net Operating Income (1)
  Accrual adjustments for:
              R/E Taxes
              Insurance
              Tax/ Accounting
              Other
  Replacement Reserves

                                    ------------   ------------  ------------
  Income for DSC Calculation
                                    ============   ============  ============


  Stabilized Debt Service          /            / /            / /           /
                                    ------------   ------------  ------------


  Debt Service Coverage (2)        /            / /            / /           /
                                    ------------   ------------  ------------

  Please submit this form along with the following supporting documentation:

  Monthly Financial Reports (income statement, balance sheet, general ledger and
  rent rolls) Operating Budget Copies of bank statements.

  (1) This number should reconcile easily with the monthly financial statements

  (2) The ratio between the Income for DSC calculation and Stabilized Debt
      Service. As example, a 1.15 DSC means that for every $1.00 of Stabilized
      Debt Service required to be paid there must be $1.15 of Net Operating
      Income available.

                                      G-15
<PAGE>





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
