<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>strs1015a.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.15
<TEXT>




                                             Exhibit 10.15

                  CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT


     This  CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made  and
entered into as of the 24th day of February, 2000, by and between
STRATUS   7000   WEST  JOINT  VENTURE,  a  Texas  joint   venture
("Borrower"),   whose  address  is  98  San  Jacinto   Boulevard,
Suite  220, Austin, Texas 78701, and COMERICA BANK-TEXAS, a state
banking association ("Lender"), whose address is 1601 Elm Street,
2nd  Floor,  Dallas,  Texas  75201, Attn:  National  Real  Estate
Services.


                           ARTICLE I

                      DEFINITION OF TERMS

     I.1   Definitions.  As used in this Agreement, the following
terms shall have the respective meanings indicated below:

     Advance:   A  disbursement  by Lender,  whether  by  journal
entry,  deposit  to Borrower's account, check to third  party  or
otherwise  of  any  of  the proceeds of the Loan,  any  insurance
proceeds or Borrower's Deposit.

     Affidavit  of  Commencement:  As  defined  in  Section  5.13
hereof.

     Affidavit of Completion:  As defined in Section 5.14 hereof.

     Agreement:  This Loan Agreement, as the same may  from  time
to time be amended or supplemented.

     Allocations:   The line items set forth in the  Budget   for
which Advances of Loan proceeds will be made.

     Borrower's  Deposit:  Such cash amounts as Lender  may  deem
necessary for Borrower to deposit with it in accordance with  the
provisions of Section 3.4 of this Agreement.

     Budget:  The budget which is set forth on Exhibit B attached
hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

     Commitment  Fee:   The  sum  of $38,500.00  to  be  paid  by
Borrower to Lender pursuant to the applicable provisions of  this
Agreement.

     Completion Date:  September 30, 2000, for completion of  the
shell portion of the office building.

     Construction  Contract:   Collectively,  all  contracts  and
agreements   entered   into  between  Borrower   and   Contractor
pertaining to the development, construction and completion of the
Phase II  Improvements, which Construction Contract shall provide
a  guaranteed  maximum  cost for construction  of  the  Phase  II
Improvements.

     Contractor:    Zapalac/Reed  Construction   Company,   L.C.,
together  with  any  other person or entity  with  whom  Borrower
contracts for the development, construction and completion of the
Phase II Improvements or any portion thereof.

     Deed of Trust:  The Amended and Restated Deed of Trust dated
April 9, 1999, and recorded  under Document No. 1999009453 of the
Official   Records  of  Travis  County,  as   modified   by   the
Modification  Agreement  dated August 16,  1999,  recorded  under
Document No. 1999093007 of the Official Records of Travis County,
Texas,  and as further amended by the Second Amended and Restated
Deed  of  Trust  dated of even date herewith, pursuant  to  which
Borrower has mortgaged the Land to secure both the Phase  I  Note
and this Note.

     Design Professional: Susman Tisdale Gayle, together with any
other  person  or  entity with whom Borrower  contracts  for  the
providing  of  planning,  design, architectural,  engineering  or
other similar services relating to the Phase II Improvements,  if
any.

     Design  Services Contract:  Collectively, all contracts  and
agreements   entered  into  between  Borrower  and  each   Design
Professional   pertaining   to  the   design,   development   and
construction of the Phase II Improvements, if any.

     Disposition:  Any sale, lease (except as expressly permitted
pursuant   to   the   Loan   Documents),  exchange,   assignment,
conveyance, transfer, trade, or other disposition of all  or  any
portion  of  the Mortgaged Property (or any interest therein)  or
all  or  any  part,  directly or indirectly,  of  the  beneficial
ownership  interest in Borrower (if Borrower  is  a  corporation,
partnership,  general  partnership,  limited  partnership,  joint
venture,  trust, or other type of business association  or  legal
entity);  provided, however, a sale of the publicly traded  stock
of  Stratus  Properties Inc. shall not constitute  a  Disposition
under  the  terms  of  this  Agreement;  and,  further  provided,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein  or  in
any  of  the  other Loan Documents, Oly Lantana,  L.P.,  a  joint
venturer of Borrower ("Oly Lantana") may, after written notice to
but without the requirement of Lender's consent, transfer all  or
any  portion of its joint venture interest in Borrower or all  or
any  portion  of  its interest in any constituent entity  of  Oly
Lantana  to  any entity or individual that is now or  is  in  the
future  an  affiliate or partner in Hicks Muse  Tate  and  Furst,
Inc., Olympus Real Estate Corporation or Olympus Real Estate Fund
II,  LP; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, in no event shall Stratus 7000  West,
Ltd.,  the  other  joint venturer of Borrower, and  the  entities
which  comprise Stratus 7000 West, Ltd. (collectively, "Stratus")
(i)  be  entitled to transfer any interest in Stratus 7000  West,
Ltd.  or  in  any  Stratus constituent entity without  the  prior
written  consent of Lender and FURTHER PROVIDED that (ii) Stratus
shall be obligated to, at all times during the term of this Loan,
remain  in  charge of the day-to-day management of the  Borrower;
EXCEPT,  HOWEVER, Oly Lantana shall be entitled to  exercise  its
right  to  remove  Stratus as Operating Partner  of  Borrower  in
accordance  with Section 4.1 of the Amended  and  Restated  Joint
Venture Agreement between Oly Lantana and Stratus 7000 West, Ltd.
dated  August 16, 1999, PROVIDED: (i) Oly Lantana has first given
written  notice  to  Lender at least five (5)  business  days  in
advance of such removal and the reason for said proposed removal,
together with Oly Lantana's proposed additional collateral,  cash
deposit  or  guaranty  of  the Loan (the "Proposed  Collateral"),
which  Proposed Collateral must be satisfactory to Lender in  its
sole  discretion;  and  thereafter either (ii)  within  ten  (10)
business  days  of receipt of Lender's approval of said  Proposed
Collateral, has furnished to Lender such Proposed Collateral;  or
(iii)  within  ten  (10)  business days of  receipt  of  Lender's
disapproval of the Proposed Collateral has paid off the  Loan  in
full.

     Draw  Request:   a  request by Borrower  to  Lender  for  an
Advance  in such form and containing such information  as  Lender
may require.

     Environmental  Law:  Any  federal,  state,  or  local   law,
statute,  ordinance, or regulation, whether now or  hereafter  in
effect,  pertaining  to  health,  industrial  hygiene,   or   the
environmental  conditions  on,  under,  or  about  the  Mortgaged
Property, including without limitation, the following, as now  or
hereafter   amended:    Comprehensive   Environmental   Response,
Compensation,  and  Liability Act of 1980 ("CERCLA"),  42  U.S.C.
& 9601 et seq.; Resource, Conservation and Recovery Act ("RCRA"),
42  U.S.C.  & 6901 et seq. as amended by the Superfund Amendments
and  Reauthorization Act of 1986 ("SARA"), Pub.  L.  99-499,  100
Stat.  1613; the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C.  &  2601
et  seq.; Emergency Planning and Community Right to Know  Act  of
1986,  42  U.S.C.  & 1101 et seq.; Clean Water  Act  ("CWA"),  33
U.S.C. & 1251 et seq.; Clean Air Act ("CAA"), 42 U.S.C. & 7401 et
seq.;  Federal Water Pollution Control Act ("FWPCA"),  33  U.S.C.
&  1251  et  seq.; and any corresponding state laws or ordinances
including  but  not  limited  to the  Texas  Water  Code  ("TWC")
& 26.001 et seq; Texas Health & Safety Code ("THSC") & 361.001 et
seq.;  Texas Solid Waste Disposal Act, Tex. Rev. Civ. Stat.  Ann.
art.  4477-7;  and regulations, rules, guidelines,  or  standards
promulgated  pursuant to such laws, statutes and regulations,  as
such statutes, regulations, rules, guidelines, and standards  are
amended from time to time.

     Event of Default:  Any happening or occurrence described  in
Section 7.1 of this Agreement.

     Financing  Statement:  The financing statement or  financing
statements  (on  Standard Form UCC-1 or otherwise)  executed  and
delivered by Borrower in connection with the Loan Documents.

     Governmental   Authority:   Any  and  all  courts,   boards,
agencies,  commissions,  offices, or authorities  of  any  nature
whatsoever  for  any governmental unit (federal,  state,  county,
district, municipal, city or otherwise), whether now or hereafter
in existence.

     Governmental Requirements:  All statutes, laws,  ordinances,
rules, regulations, orders, writs, injunctions or decrees of  any
Governmental Authority applicable to Borrower, Guarantor  or  the
Mortgaged Property.

     Guarantor:  STRATUS PROPERTIES INC., a Delaware corporation.

     Guaranty:   That  or those instruments of  guaranty  now  or
hereafter  in  effect from Guarantor to Lender  guaranteeing  the
repayment of all or any part of the Loan, the satisfaction of, or
continued  compliance with, the covenants contained in  the  Loan
Documents, or both.

     Hazardous  Substance:   Any substance,  product,  waste,  or
other  material  which  is  or  becomes  listed,  regulated,   or
addressed  as  being a toxic, hazardous, polluting, or  similarly
harmful  substance under any Environmental Law, including without
limitation:  (i) any substance included within the definition  of
"hazardous  waste"  pursuant to Section 1004 of  RCRA;  (ii)  any
substance included within the definition of "hazardous substance"
pursuant  to Section 101 of CERCLA; (iii) any substance  included
within  (a)  the definition of "regulated substance" pursuant  to
Section  26.342(11) of TWC; or (b) the definition  of  "hazardous
substance"   pursuant   to   Section   361.003(11)    of    THSC;
(iv)  asbestos;  (v)  polychlorinated biphenyls;  (vi)  petroleum
products; (vii) underground storage tanks, whether empty,  filled
or  partially  filled with any substance; (viii) any  radioactive
materials, urea formaldehyde foam insulation or radon;  (ix)  any
substance  included within the definition of "waste" pursuant  to
Section   30.003(b)   of   TWC   or   "pollutant"   pursuant   to
Section  26.001(13) of TWC; and (x) any other chemical,  material
or  substance,  the exposure to which is prohibited,  limited  or
regulated  by any Governmental Authority on the basis  that  such
chemical, material or substance is toxic, hazardous or harmful to
human health or the environment.

     Indebtedness:  As defined in Section 9.8 hereof.

     Initial  Advance:   The  Advance to  be  made  at  the  time
Borrower satisfies the conditions set forth in Sections  3.1  and
3.2 of this Agreement.

     Inspecting Person:  Chris Rehkemper of AECC will  from  time
to  time inspect the Phase II Improvements and the development of
Phase II Improvements for the benefit of Lender.

     Land:   The  real property or interest therein described  in
Exhibit  A  attached  hereto  and  incorporated  herein  by  this
reference upon which the Phase I and Phase II Improvements are to
be constructed.

     Loan:   The loan evidenced by the Note and governed by  this
Agreement.

     Loan  Amount:   SEVEN  MILLION SEVEN  HUNDRED  THOUSAND  AND
NO/100 DOLLARS ($7,700,000.00).

     Loan   Documents:   The  Note,  the  Deed  of  Trust,   this
Agreement,  the Security Agreement, the Financing Statement,  the
Guaranty,  and  any  and  all other documents  now  or  hereafter
executed by the Borrower, Guarantor, or any other person or party
in  connection with the Loan, the indebtedness evidenced  by  the
Note, or the covenants contained in this Agreement.

     Material Adverse Effect:  Any material and adverse effect on
(i)  the business condition (financial or otherwise), operations,
prospects,  results of operations, capitalization,  liquidity  or
any  properties of the Borrower, taken as a whole, (ii) the value
of  the Mortgaged Property, (iii) the ability of Borrower or  any
Guarantor  (or if the Borrower or any Guarantor is a partnership,
joint  venture,  trust or other type of business association,  of
any  of the parties comprising Borrower or such Guarantor) to pay
and  perform  the  Indebtedness  or  any  other  Obligations,  or
(iv) the validity, enforceability or binding effect of any of the
Loan Documents.

     Mortgaged Property:  Collectively, the Land, the Phase I and
Phase  II Improvements, and all other collateral covered  by  the
Loan Documents.

     Note:  The promissory note dated as of even date herewith in
the  principal sum of the Loan Amount (together with all renewals
and  extensions  thereof)  executed  and  delivered  by  Borrower
payable to the order of Lender, evidencing the Loan.

     Obligations:   Any  and  all of the  covenants,  conditions,
warranties, representations, and other obligations (other than to
repay   the   Indebtedness)  made  or  undertaken  by   Borrower,
Guarantor, or any other person or party to the Loan Documents  to
Lender, the trustee of the Deed of Trust, or others as set  forth
in the Loan Documents, and in any deed, lease, sublease, or other
form  of  conveyance, or any other agreement  pursuant  to  which
Borrower is granted a possessory interest in the Land.

     Phase  I  Improvements:  That certain   66,606  square  foot
office  building,  together with all amenities,  currently  under
construction  on the Mortgaged Property, the funds for  the  said
Phase  I Improvements having been advanced to Borrower by  Lender
under  a  prior construction loan agreement dated April  9,  1999
between  Lender  and Borrower as modified by that certain  Second
Amendment to Construction Loan Agreement dated December 31,  1999
(the "Prior Agreement").

     Phase  I  Loan  Documents:  The Phase I Note,  the  Deed  of
Trust,  the Prior Agreement, the security agreement of even  date
with  the  Phase I Note entered into by and between Borrower  and
Lender, the financing statements executed by Borrower, as debtor,
dated  as  of the date of the Phase I Note, that certain guaranty
executed as of December 31, 1999, and delivered by Guarantor, any
and all other documents previously executed or hereafter executed
by  the  Borrower,  Guarantor or any other  person  or  party  in
connection  with the Phase I Note or the covenants  contained  in
the Prior Agreement.

     Phase  I  Note:   That certain  $6,600,000  Promissory  Note
dated  April 9, 1999, executed by Borrower and payable to Lender,
and secured by the Mortgaged Property.

     Phase  II  Improvements:  That certain  66,475  square  foot
office  building, together with all amenities, to be  constructed
on  the Mortgaged Property, all as more particularly described in
the Plans and Specifications.

     Plans and Specifications:  The plans and specifications  for
the  development  and  construction of  the  Mortgaged  Property,
prepared  by Borrower or the Design Professional and approved  by
Lender   as  required  herein,  by  all  applicable  Governmental
Authorities, by any party to a purchase or construction  contract
with  a  right  of  approval,  all amendments  and  modifications
thereof  approved in writing by the same, and all  other  design,
engineering  or architectural work, test reports,  surveys,  shop
drawings, and related items.

     Security  Agreement:  The Security Agreement shall mean  all
security  agreements, whether contained in the Deed of  Trust,  a
separate  security  agreement or otherwise  creating  a  security
interest  in  all  personal  property and  fixtures  of  Borrower
(including   replacements,   substitutions   and   after-acquired
property)  now or hereafter located in or upon the  Land  or  the
Phase I and Phase II Improvements, or used or intended to be used
in the operation thereof, to secure the Loan.

     Subordinate Mortgage:  Any mortgage, deed of trust,  pledge,
lien   (statutory,  constitutional,  or  contractual),   security
interest,  encumbrance or charge, or conditional  sale  or  other
title  retention agreement, covering all or any  portion  of  the
Mortgaged Property executed and delivered by Borrower,  the  lien
of  which is subordinate and inferior to the lien of the Deed  of
Trust.

     Special  Account:  An account established by  Borrower  with
Lender  (in which Borrower shall at all times maintain a  minimum
balance  of  $1,000.00) into which all Advances made directly  to
Borrower will be deposited.

     Tenant  Leases:  All written leases or rental agreements  by
which  Borrower,  as  landlord, grants to a  tenant  a  leasehold
interest  in a portion of the leasable space within the Mortgaged
Property.

   Title  Insurance:  One or more title insurance  commitments,
binders  or policies, as Lender may require, issued by the  Title
Company,  on  a  coinsurance or reinsurance  basis  (with  direct
access  endorsement or rights) if and as required by  Lender,  in
the  maximum amount of the Loan insuring or committing to  insure
that the Deed of Trust constitutes a valid lien covering the Land
and the Phase I and Phase II  Improvements, subject only to those
exceptions which Lender may approve.

     Title Company:  The Title Company (and its issuing agent, if
applicable)   issuing  the  Title  Insurance,  which   shall   be
acceptable to Lender in its sole and absolute discretion.


                           ARTICLE II

                            THE LOAN

     II.1 Agreement to Lend.  Lender hereby agrees to lend up  to
but  not  in excess of the Loan Amount to Borrower, and  Borrower
hereby  agrees  to  borrow such sum from  Lender,  all  upon  and
subject  to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, such  sum
to  be  evidenced  by the Note.  No principal  amount  repaid  by
Borrower may be reborrowed by Borrower.  Borrower's liability for
repayment of the interest on account of the Loan shall be limited
to   and  calculated  with  respect  to  Loan  proceeds  actually
disbursed to Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and
the  Note  and only from the date or dates of such disbursements.
After   notice   to  Borrower,  Lender  may,  in  Lender's   sole
discretion,  disburse  Loan proceeds  by  journal  entry  to  pay
interest  and financing costs and, following an uncured Event  of
Default, disburse Loan proceeds directly to third parties to  pay
costs  or  expenses required to be paid by Borrower  pursuant  to
this  Agreement.   Loan proceeds disbursed by Lender  by  journal
entry  to  pay  interest or financing costs,  and  Loan  proceeds
disbursed directly by Lender to pay costs or expenses required to
be  paid by Borrower pursuant to this Agreement, shall constitute
Advances to Borrower.

     II.2   Prior  Loan.   As  reflected  by  the  Phase  I  Loan
Documents, Lender and Borrower previously entered into the  Prior
Agreement for construction of improvements on the Phase I portion
of  the Land, such construction having been commenced on or about
February  11,  1999, for the construction of a  two-story  office
building   similar  in  scope  and  design  to   the   Phase   II
Improvements.   Advances have been made  to  Borrower  by  Lender
under  the  terms  of  the Prior Agreement, and  construction  is
ongoing  under said Prior Agreement.  Borrower and Lender  hereby
agree  that  the Deed of Trust previously recorded in  connection
with  the  Phase I Note and Prior Agreement more fully  described
above  shall be further modified to reflect that the lien of  the
deed of trust shall also secure the indebtedness evidenced by the
Note  entered  into of even date herewith and the obligations  of
this  Construction Loan Agreement, all of which was  contemplated
as of the original date of the Deed of Trust.  Further,  Borrower
hereby acknowledges and agrees that no Advances shall be used  by
Borrower   under  this  Loan  to  pay  for  any  development   or
construction costs for the Phase I Improvements.

     II.3  Advances.   The purposes for which Loan  proceeds  are
allocated and the respective amounts of such Allocations are  set
forth in the Budget, which Advances shall be limited to the value
of the work in place as determined by the Inspecting Person.

     II.4  Allocations.  The Allocations shall be disbursed  only
for  the purposes set forth in the Budget.  Lender shall  not  be
obligated to make an Advance for an Allocation set forth  in  the
Budget  to  the  extent that the amount of the Advance  for  such
Allocation  would,  when  added to all prior  Advances  for  such
Allocation, exceed the total of such Allocation as set  forth  in
the Budget.

     II.5  Limitation  on  Advances.  To  the  extent  that  Loan
proceeds  disbursed  by Lender pursuant to  the  Allocations  are
insufficient  to  pay  all costs required  for  the  acquisition,
development,   construction  and  completion  of  the   Mortgaged
Property, Borrower shall pay such excess costs with funds derived
from  sources other than the Loan.  Under no circumstances  shall
Lender be required to disburse any proceeds of the Loan in excess
of the Loan Amount.

     II.6  Reallocations.   Lender reserves  the  right,  at  its
option,  to  disburse  Loan proceeds  allocated  to  any  of  the
Allocations  for  such  other  purposes  or  in  such   different
proportions as Lender may, in its sole discretion, deem necessary
or  advisable.   Borrower shall not be entitled to  require  that
Lender reallocate funds among the Allocations.

     II.7  Contingency Allocations.  Any amount allocated in  the
Budget for "contingencies" or other non-specific purposes may, in
the  Lender's  discretion, be disbursed by Lender to  pay  future
contingent  costs  and  expenses  of  maintaining,  leasing   and
promoting the Mortgaged Property and such other costs or expenses
as  Lender  shall  approve.   Under no  circumstances  shall  the
Borrower have the right to require Lender to disburse any amounts
so   allocated  and  Lender  may  impose  such  requirements  and
conditions as it deems prudent and necessary should it  elect  to
disburse all or any portion of the amounts so allocated.

     II.8  Withholding.  Lender may withhold from an Advance  or,
on  account of subsequently discovered evidence, withhold from  a
later  Advance under this Agreement or require Borrower to  repay
to  Lender the whole or any part of any earlier Advance  to  such
extent  as  may be necessary to protect the Lender from  loss  on
account  of  (i)  defective work not remedied or requirements  of
this  Agreement  not  performed, (ii) liens filed  or  reasonable
evidence  indicating  probable filing  of  liens  which  are  not
bonded,  (iii)  failure  of Borrower  to  make  payments  to  the
Contractor for material or labor, except as is permitted  by  the
Construction  Contract,  or  (iv) a  reasonable  doubt  that  the
construction of the Phase I Improvements can be completed for the
balance  of  the  Loan Amount then undisbursed.   When  all  such
grounds  are  removed, payment shall be made  of  any  amount  so
withheld because of them.

     II.9 Loan Limitation.  It is expressly agreed and understood
that, in accordance with the Budget, to the extent an Advance  is
for construction costs of the Phase I Improvements, such Advance,
except  for  the final payment under the Loan, shall  not  exceed
ninety  percent (90%) of the actual construction costs  to  which
such Advance relates.

                          ARTICLE III

                            ADVANCES

     III.1     Conditions to Initial Advance.  The obligation  of
Lender  to make the Initial Advance hereunder is subject  to  the
prior  or  simultaneous  occurrence  of  each  of  the  following
conditions:

          (a)   Lender shall have received from Borrower  all  of
     the  Loan  Documents  duly  executed  by  Borrower  and,  if
     applicable, by Guarantor.

          (b)   Lender  shall have received certified  copies  of
     resolutions of Borrower, if Borrower is a corporation, or  a
     certified  copy of a consent of partners, if Borrower  is  a
     partnership, authorizing execution, delivery and performance
     of  all  of the Loan Documents and authorizing the borrowing
     hereunder,   along  with  such  certificates  of  existence,
     certificates  of  good  standing and other  certificates  or
     documents  as  Lender  may reasonably  require  to  evidence
     Borrower's authority.

          (c)   Lender  shall have received true  copies  of  all
     organization documents of Borrower, including all amendments
     or  supplements thereto, if Borrower is a legal entity other
     than  a  corporation, along with such certificates or  other
     documents  as  Lender  may reasonably  require  to  evidence
     Borrower's authority.

          (d)   Lender  shall  have received  evidence  that  the
     Mortgaged  Property  is  not located within  any  designated
     flood  plain or special flood hazard area; or evidence  that
     Borrower  has  applied  for  and  received  flood  insurance
     covering the Mortgaged Property in the amount of the Loan or
     the maximum coverage available to Lender.

          (e)   Lender shall have received evidence of compliance
     with all Governmental Requirements.

          (f)   Lender  shall  have received a full-size,  single
     sheet  copy of all recorded subdivision or plat maps of  the
     Land  approved  (to  the  extent  required  by  Governmental
     Requirements)   by   all   Governmental   Authorities,    if
     applicable,   and   legible  copies   of   all   instruments
     representing  exceptions  to  the  state  of  title  to  the
     Mortgaged Property.

          (g)   Lender  shall have received policies of  all-risk
     builder's  risk  insurance (non-reporting form)  during  the
     construction  of  the  Phase  II Improvements  and  all-risk
     insurance  after construction of the Phase II  Improvements,
     owner's   and  contractor's  liability  insurance,  workers'
     compensation insurance, and such other insurance  as  Lender
     may  reasonably require, with standard endorsements attached
     naming   Lender  as  the  insured  mortgagee  or  additional
     insured,  whichever is applicable, such policies  to  be  in
     form   and   content  and  issued  by  companies  reasonably
     satisfactory   to  Lender,  with  copies,  or   certificates
     thereof, being delivered to Lender.

          (h)  Lender shall have received the Title Insurance, at
     the sole expense of Borrower.

          (i)   Lender  shall  have received from  Borrower  such
     other  instruments, evidence and certificates as Lender  may
     reasonably require, including the items indicated below:

               (1)   Evidence  that  all the  streets  furnishing
          access to the Mortgaged Property have been dedicated to
          public  use  and installed and accepted  by  applicable
          Governmental Authorities.

               (2)   A current survey of the Land prepared  by  a
          registered  surveyor  or  engineer  and  certified   to
          Lender,  Borrower and the Title Company,  in  form  and
          substance reasonably acceptable to Lender, showing  all
          easements, building or setback lines, rights-of-way and
          dedications affecting said land and showing no state of
          facts objectionable to Lender.

               (3)   Evidence reasonably satisfactory  to  Lender
          showing the availability of all necessary utilities  at
          the  boundary lines of the Land, including sanitary and
          storm   sewer  facilities,  potable  water,  telephone,
          electricity, gas, and municipal services.

               (4)  Evidence that the current and proposed use of
          the  Mortgaged  Property and the  construction  of  the
          Phase  II  Improvements complies with all  Governmental
          Requirements.

               (5)   An  opinion  of counsel for Borrower,  which
          counsel shall be satisfactory to Lender, to the  effect
          that (i) Borrower possesses full power and authority to
          own  the Mortgaged Property, to construct the Phase  II
          Improvements  and  to  perform  Borrower's  obligations
          hereunder;  (ii)  the  Loan Documents  have  been  duly
          authorized,  executed and delivered  by  Borrower  and,
          where  required, by Guarantor, and constitute the valid
          and  binding obligations of Borrower and Guarantor, not
          subject  to  any defense based upon usury, capacity  of
          Borrower  or  otherwise; (iii) the Loan  Documents  are
          enforceable in accordance with their respective  terms,
          except  as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency and  other
          laws  affecting creditors' rights generally, and except
          that certain remedial provisions thereof may be limited
          by  the  laws  of  the  State of  Texas;  (iv)  to  the
          knowledge of such counsel, there are no actions,  suits
          or   proceedings  pending  or  threatened  against   or
          affecting   Borrower,  Guarantor   or   the   Mortgaged
          Property,  or  involving  the  priority,  validity   or
          enforceability  of  the  liens  or  security  interests
          arising out of the Loan Documents, at law or in equity,
          or  before  or  by  any Governmental Authority,  except
          actions,   suits  or  proceedings  fully   covered   by
          insurance or which, if adversely determined, would  not
          substantially  impair  the  ability  of   Borrower   or
          Guarantor to pay when due any amounts which may  become
          payable  in respect to the Loan as represented  by  the
          Note;  (v)  to  the knowledge of such counsel,  neither
          Borrower  nor Guarantor is in default with  respect  to
          any  order, writ, injunction, decree or demand  of  any
          court  or  any  Governmental Authority  of  which  such
          counsel  has knowledge; (vi) to the knowledge  of  such
          counsel,  the  consummation of the transactions  hereby
          contemplated and the performance of this Agreement  and
          the  execution  and delivery of the Guaranty  will  not
          violate  or  contravene any provision of any instrument
          creating  or  governing  the  business  operations   of
          Borrower or Guarantor and will not result in any breach
          of,  or constitute a default under, any mortgage,  deed
          of trust, lease, bank loan or credit agreement or other
          instrument  to  which Borrower or any  Guarantor  is  a
          party  or by which Borrower, Guarantor or the Mortgaged
          Property may be bound or affected; and (vii) such other
          matters as Lender may reasonably request.

               (6)   A  cost  breakdown  satisfactory  to  Lender
          showing the total costs, including, but not limited to,
          such  related nonconstruction items as interest  during
          construction,  commitment, legal,  design  professional
          and  real estate agents' fees, plus the amount  of  the
          Land cost and direct construction costs required to  be
          paid   to   satisfactorily  complete   the   Phase   II
          Improvements,  free and clear of liens  or  claims  for
          liens  for  material  supplied and for  labor  services
          performed.

               (7)    Original   or  a  copy  of  each   proposed
          Construction Contract.

               (8)   Original  or a copy of each  fully  executed
          Design Services Contract.

               (9)    Waiver   of   lien  or  lien  subordination
          agreement(s)   for  the  prior  month's  draw   request
          executed by Contractor and by each contractor,  laborer
          and  suppliers  furnishing labor or  materials  to  the
          Mortgaged  Property,  in a form acceptable  to  Lender,
          together  with Borrower's affidavit to Lender that  all
          changes  and expenses incurred to date for  either  the
          Phase I Improvements or the Phase II Improvements  have
          been paid in full.

               (10)  A  copy of the Plans and Specifications  for
          the Phase II Improvements.

               (11) Building permit(s), grading permit(s) and all
          other permits required with respect to the construction
          of the Phase I or Phase II Improvements.

               (12)   Evidence   that   all   applicable   zoning
          ordinances and restrictive covenants affecting the Land
          permit  the  use  for which the Phase I  and  Phase  II
          Improvements  are intended and have  been  or  will  be
          complied with.

               (13)  Evidence  of  payment of required  sums  for
          insurance,   taxes,   expenses,   charges   and    fees
          customarily  required or recommended by Lender  or  any
          Governmental   Authority,   corporation,   or    person
          guaranteeing,  insuring  or purchasing,  committing  to
          guaranty, insure, purchase or refinance the Loan or any
          portion thereof.

               (14)  A  current financial statement  of  Borrower
          certified  by  a  duly  authorized  representative   of
          Borrower.

               (15)  A  current financial statement of  Guarantor
          certified by said Guarantor.

               (16) A Guaranty executed by the Guarantor.

               (17)  A schedule of construction progress for  the
          Phase II Improvements with the anticipated commencement
          and  completion dates of each phase of construction and
          the  anticipated date and amounts of each  Advance  for
          the same.

               (18)  Copies  of  all agreements entered  into  by
          Borrower  or  its operating partner pertaining  to  the
          development,   construction  and  completion   of   the
          Phase II Improvements or pertaining to materials to  be
          used  in connection therewith, together with a schedule
          of  anticipated dates and amounts of each  Advance  for
          the same.

               (19)  Environmental  site assessment  report  with
          respect to the Mortgaged Property prepared by a firm of
          engineers  approved by Lender, which  report  shall  be
          satisfactory   in   form  and  substance   to   Lender,
          certifying that there is no evidence that any Hazardous
          Substance  have  been  generated,  treated,  stored  or
          disposed  of on any of the Mortgaged Property and  none
          exists on, under or at the Mortgaged Property.

               (20)  A  soils and geological report covering  the
          Land  issued by a laboratory approved by Lender,  which
          report  shall be satisfactory in form and substance  to
          Lender,  and  shall  include a summary  of  soils  test
          borings.

               (21)   Such   other   instruments,   evidence   or
          certificates as Lender may reasonably request.

          (j)   Lender  shall  have  ordered  and  received,   at
     Borrower's expense, an appraisal of the Mortgaged  Property,
     prepared  by an appraiser acceptable to Lender and presented
     and based upon such standards as may be required by Lender.

          (k)    Lender  shall  have  received  payment  of   the
     Commitment Fee.

     III.2      Conditions to Advances.  The obligation of Lender
to  make  each Advance hereunder, including the Initial  Advance,
shall  be  subject  to  the prior or simultaneous  occurrence  or
satisfaction of each of the following conditions:

          (a)  The Loan Documents shall be and remain outstanding
     and  enforceable in all material respects in accordance with
     their terms, all as required hereunder.

          (b)   Lender  shall have received a title report  dated
     within two (2) days of the requested Advance from the  Title
     Company  showing no state of facts objectionable to  Lender,
     including, but not limited to, a showing that title  to  the
     Land  is vested in Borrower and that no claim for mechanics'
     or  materialmen's liens has been filed against the Mortgaged
     Property.

          (c)   A  monthly  construction status  report  for  the
     Phase  II  Improvements shall be prepared and  submitted  by
     Borrower to Lender on or before the tenth (10th) day of each
     month, commencing on or before March 10, 2000 and continuing
     for each month thereafter.

          (d)    The  representations  and  warranties  made   by
     Borrower,  as contained in this Agreement and in  all  other
     Loan  Documents shall be true and correct as of the date  of
     each  Advance;  and if requested by Lender,  Borrower  shall
     give to Lender a certificate to that effect.

          (e)   The  covenants  made by Borrower  to  Lender,  as
     contained  in this Agreement and in all other Loan Documents
     shall  have  been fully complied with, except to the  extent
     such compliance may be limited by the passage of time or the
     completion  of  construction of the Phase  I  and  Phase  II
     Improvements.

          (f)   Lender  shall have received (i) a fully  executed
     copy  of each Construction Contract or copy thereof  (to  be
     dated  after the date of recordation of the Deed of  Trust);
     and   (ii)   a   report   of   any  changes,   replacements,
     substitutions, additions or other modification in  the  list
     of  contractors, subcontractors and materialmen involved  or
     expected to be involved in the construction of the Phase  II
     Improvements.

          (g)   Except  in  connection with the Initial  Advance,
     Lender shall have received from Borrower a Draw Request  for
     such  Advance, completed, executed and sworn to by  Borrower
     and  Contractor, with the Inspecting Person's approval noted
     thereon,  stating that the requested amount does not  exceed
     ninety percent (90%) of the then unpaid cost of construction
     of  the  Phase  II  Improvements since the last  certificate
     furnished hereunder; that said construction was performed in
     accordance with the Plans and Specifications in all material
     respects;  and that, in the opinion of Borrower,  Contractor
     and  the  Design Professional, construction of the Phase  II
     Improvements  can be completed on or before  the  Completion
     Date for an additional cost not in excess of the amount then
     available under the Loan.  To the extent approved by  Lender
     and  included in the Budget, such expenses will be paid from
     the proceeds of the Loan.

          (h)   Except  in  connection with the Initial  Advance,
     Borrower   shall  have  furnished  to  Lender,   from   each
     contractor,   subcontractor   and   materialman,   including
     Contractor,   an  invoice,  lien  waiver  and   such   other
     instruments  and documents as Lender may from time  to  time
     specify,   in   form  and  content,  and   containing   such
     certifications, approvals and other data and information, as
     Lender may reasonably require.  The invoice, lien waiver and
     other  documents shall cover and be based upon work actually
     completed or materials actually furnished and paid  under  a
     prior application for payment. The lien waiver for the prior
     month's   draws   of  each  contractor,  subcontractor   and
     materialman  shall, if required by Lender,  be  received  by
     Lender   simultaneously  with  the  making  of  any  Advance
     hereunder  for the benefit of such contractor, subcontractor
     or materialman.

          (i)   There  shall exist no default or  breach  by  any
     obligated   party  (other  than  Lender)  under   the   Loan
     Documents.

          (j)   The  Phase  II Improvements shall not  have  been
     materially  injured, damaged or destroyed by fire  or  other
     casualty,  nor shall any part of the Mortgaged  Property  be
     subject to condemnation proceedings or negotiations for sale
     in lieu thereof.

          (k)    All   work  typically  done  at  the  stage   of
     construction when the Advance is requested shall  have  been
     done,  and  all materials, supplies, chattels  and  fixtures
     typically   furnished  or  installed  at   such   stage   of
     construction shall have been furnished or installed.

          (l)   All  personal property not yet incorporated  into
     the Phase II Improvements but which is to be paid for out of
     such Advance, must then be located upon the Land, secured in
     a  method  acceptable  to  Lender,  and  Lender  shall  have
     received  evidence thereof, or if stored off-site,  must  be
     stored  in  a  secured  area  and  must  be  available   for
     inspection by the Inspecting Person.

          (m)   Borrower shall have complied with all  reasonable
     requirements  of the Inspecting Person to insure  compliance
     with  the  Plans and Specifications and all requirements  of
     the Governmental Authorities.

          (n)  Except in connection with the Initial Advance,  if
     the  Phase  II  Improvements are being built for  any  party
     under  a  purchase or construction contract, then Lender  at
     its  election  may  require the approval of  such  purchaser
     before making any additional Advance.

          (o)  Borrower shall have fully completed (to the extent
     applicable), signed, notarized and delivered to  Lender  the
     Draw Request Form.

          (p)   If  any portion of the Phase II Improvements  are
     being  built  for  a specific lessee, the approval  by  such
     lessee  of  the  construction thereof with  respect  to  the
     applicable  portion of the Phase II Improvements subject  to
     such  lease shall be obtained and furnished to Lender,  upon
     request therefor by Lender.

          (q)   Borrower  shall have funded all  Borrower  equity
     requirements indicated on the Budget.

     III.3      Advance Not A Waiver.  No Advance of the proceeds
of the Loan shall constitute a waiver of any of the conditions of
Lender's  obligation to make further Advances, nor, in the  event
Borrower is unable to satisfy any such condition, shall any  such
Advance  have  the  effect of precluding Lender  from  thereafter
declaring such inability to be an Event of Default.

     III.4      Borrower's Deposit.  If at any time Lender  shall
in  its sole discretion deem that the undisbursed proceeds of the
Loan   are   insufficient  to  meet  the  costs   of   completing
construction  of  the Phase II Improvements, plus  the  costs  of
insurance,  ad  valorem  taxes and  other  normal  costs  of  the
Phase  II  Improvements, Lender may refuse to make any additional
Advances   to  Borrower  hereunder  until  Borrower  shall   have
deposited  with  Lender sufficient additional funds  ("Borrower's
Deposit")  to cover the deficiency which Lender deems  to  exist.
Such  Borrower's Deposit will be disbursed by Lender to  Borrower
pursuant  to  the  terms  and  conditions  hereof  as   if   they
constituted a portion of the Loan being made hereunder.  Borrower
agrees upon fifteen (15) days written demand by Lender to deposit
with  Lender  such Borrower's Deposit.  Lender  agrees  that  the
Borrower's   Deposit  shall  be  placed  in  an  interest-bearing
account.

     III.5      Advance  Not  An Approval.   The  making  of  any
Advance  or  part  thereof shall not be  deemed  an  approval  or
acceptance  by Lender of the work theretofore done. Lender  shall
have no obligation to make any Advance or part thereof after  the
happening  of any Event of Default, but shall have the right  and
option so to do; provided that if Lender elects to make any  such
Advance, no such Advance shall be deemed to be either a waiver of
the right to demand payment of the Loan, or any part thereof,  or
an obligation to make any other Advance.

     III.6      Time and Place of Advances.  All Advances are  to
be made at the office of Lender, or at such other place as Lender
may  designate;  and  Lender shall require five  (5)  days  prior
notice  in writing before the making of any such Advance.  Lender
shall  not  be obligated to undertake any Advance hereunder  more
than  once  in  any 30-day period.  Except as set forth  in  this
Agreement, all Advances are to be made by direct deposit into the
Special Account.  In the event Borrower shall part with or be  in
any manner whatever deprived of Borrower's interests in the Land,
Lender may, at Lender's option but without any obligation  to  do
so,  continue to make Advances under this Agreement, and  subject
to all its terms and conditions, to such person or persons as may
succeed  to  Borrower's  title  and  interest  and  all  sums  so
disbursed  shall  be  deemed Advances under  this  Agreement  and
secured  by  the  Deed of Trust and all other liens  or  security
interests securing the Loan.

     III.7      Retainage.  An amount equal to ten percent  (10%)
of the cost of construction of the Phase II Improvements shall be
retained  by Lender and shall be paid over by Lender to Borrower,
provided that no lien claims are then filed against the Mortgaged
Property,  when  all  of  the  following  have  occurred  to  the
satisfaction of Lender:

          (a)   Lender  has  received  a  completion  certificate
     prepared  by the Inspecting Person and executed by  Borrower
     and  the  Design  Professional stating  that  the  Phase  II
     Improvements  have  been completed in  accordance  with  the
     Plans  and Specifications, together with such other evidence
     that   no   mechanics  or  materialmen's  liens   or   other
     encumbrances  have been filed and remain in  effect  against
     the  Mortgaged  Property  which  have  not  been  bonded  to
     Lender's  satisfaction  and that all offsite  utilities  and
     streets, if any, have been completed to the satisfaction  of
     Lender and any applicable Governmental Authority;

          (b)   each applicable Governmental Authority shall have
     duly  inspected  and approved the Phase II Improvements  and
     issued  the  appropriate permit, license or  certificate  to
     evidence such approval;

          (c)  thirty (30) days shall have elapsed from the later
     of  (i) the date of completion of the Phase II Improvements,
     as   specified  in  Texas  Property  Code  &53.106,  if  the
     Affidavit  of  Completion provided for in this Agreement  is
     filed within ten (10) days after such date of completion, or
     (ii)  the date of filing of such Affidavit of Completion  if
     such  Affidavit of Completion is filed ten (10) days or more
     after   the  date  of  the  completion  of  the   Phase   II
     Improvements  as specified in Texas Property  Code  &53.106;
     and

          (d)   receipt  by  Lender of evidence  satisfactory  to
     Lender   that  payment  in  full  has  been  made  for   all
     obligations incurred in connection with the construction and
     completion  of  all off-site utilities and improvements  (if
     any) as required by Lender or any Governmental Authority.

     III.8      No  Third Party Beneficiaries.  The  benefits  of
this Agreement shall not inure to any third party, nor shall this
Agreement  be  construed to make or render Lender liable  to  any
materialmen, subcontractors, contractors, laborers or others  for
goods  and  materials  supplied or work and  labor  furnished  in
connection with the construction of either the Phase I  or  Phase
II  Improvements  or  for debts or claims accruing  to  any  such
persons or entities against Borrower. Lender shall not be  liable
for the manner in which any Advances under this Agreement may  be
applied  by  Borrower,  Contractor and any  of  Borrower's  other
contractors   or   subcontractors.    Notwithstanding    anything
contained  in  the Loan Documents, or any conduct  or  course  of
conduct  by the parties hereto, before or after signing the  Loan
Documents, this Agreement shall not be construed as creating  any
rights, claims or causes of action against Lender, or any of  its
officers,  directors,  agents  or  employees,  in  favor  of  any
contractor, subcontractor, supplier of labor or materials, or any
of  their  respective creditors, or any other  person  or  entity
other  than  Borrower.  Without limiting the  generality  of  the
foregoing,  Advances  made  to any contractor,  subcontractor  or
supplier  of  labor or materials, pursuant to  any  requests  for
Advances, whether or not such request is required to be  approved
by  Borrower, shall not be deemed a recognition by  Lender  of  a
third-party beneficiary status of any such person or entity.

                           ARTICLE IV

                 WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS

     Borrower  hereby unconditionally warrants and represents  to
Lender, as of the date hereof and at all times during the term of
the Agreement, as follows:

     IV.1 Plans and Specifications.  The Plans and Specifications
for  the Phase II Improvements are satisfactory to Borrower,  are
in  compliance  with all Governmental Requirements  and,  to  the
extent  required  by Governmental Requirements or  any  effective
restrictive  covenant, have been approved  by  each  Governmental
Authority  and/or  by the beneficiaries of any  such  restrictive
covenant affecting the Mortgaged Property.

     IV.2   Governmental  Requirements.   No  violation  of   any
Governmental  Requirements exists or will exist with  respect  to
the Mortgaged Property and neither the Borrower nor the Guarantor
is,   nor  will  either  be,  in  default  with  respect  to  any
Governmental Requirements.

     IV.3  Utility Services.  All utility services of  sufficient
size  and  capacity necessary for the construction  of  both  the
Phase  I and Phase II Improvements and the use thereof for  their
intended  purposes are available at the property line(s)  of  the
Land  for  connection  to the Phase I or Phase  II  Improvements,
including potable water, storm and sanitary sewer, gas,  electric
and telephone facilities.

     IV.4  Access.  All roads necessary for the full  utilization
of  the  Phase  I  and Phase II Improvements for  their  intended
purposes  have  been  completed and have been  dedicated  to  the
public   use   and  accepted  by  the  appropriate   Governmental
Authority.

     IV.5  Financial  Statements.  Each  financial  statement  of
Borrower   and   Guarantor  delivered  heretofore,   concurrently
herewith  or  hereafter to Lender was and  will  be  prepared  in
conformity  with  generally  accepted accounting  principles,  or
other  good accounting principles approved by Lender in  writing,
applied  on  a basis consistent with that of previous  statements
and completely and accurately disclose the financial condition of
Borrower and Guarantor (including all contingent liabilities)  as
of the date thereof and for the period covered thereby, and there
has  been  no  material  adverse change in either  Borrower's  or
Guarantor's  financial condition subsequent to the  date  of  the
most   recent  financial  statement  of  Borrower  and  Guarantor
delivered to Lender.

     IV.6 Statements.  No certificate, statement, report or other
information   delivered  heretofore,  concurrently  herewith   or
hereafter  by  Borrower  or Guarantor  to  Lender  in  connection
herewith,  or  in  connection with any  transaction  contemplated
hereby,  contains  or  will contain any  untrue  statement  of  a
material  fact or fails to state any material fact  necessary  to
keep the statements contained therein from being misleading,  and
same were true, complete and accurate as of the date hereof.

     IV.7    Disclaimer   of   Permanent   Financing.    Borrower
acknowledges and agrees that Lender has not made any commitments,
either  express or implied, to extend the term of the  Loan  past
its  stated  maturity  date  or  to  provide  Borrower  with  any
permanent financing.

                           ARTICLE V

                     COVENANTS OF BORROWER

     Borrower  hereby unconditionally covenants and  agrees  with
Lender, until the Loan shall have been paid in full and the  lien
of the Deed of Trust shall have been released, as follows:

     V.1   Commencement and Completion.  Borrower will cause  the
construction  of the Phase II Improvements to be prosecuted  with
diligence  and  continuity  and will complete  the  same  in  all
material respects in accordance with the Plans and Specifications
for  the Phase II Improvements on or before the Completion  Date,
free and clear of liens or claims for liens for material supplied
and   for  labor  services  performed  in  connection  with   the
construction of the Phase II Improvements.

     V.2   No  Changes.  Borrower will not amend, alter or change
(pursuant to change order, amendment or otherwise) the Plans  and
Specifications  for  the Phase II Improvements  unless  the  same
shall have been approved in advance in writing by Lender, by  all
applicable  Governmental Authorities, and by  each  surety  under
payment  or performance bonds covering the Construction Contract,
if  any,  or  any other contract for construction  of  all  or  a
portion of the Phase II Improvements; provided, however, Borrower
shall  have  the right to approve change orders without  Lender's
consent  which do not individually exceed $25,000.00, or  in  the
aggregate exceed $100,000.00.

     V.3   Advances.  Borrower will receive the Advances and will
hold  same as a trust fund for the purpose of paying the cost  of
construction   of   the   Phase  II  Improvements   and   related
nonconstruction  costs  related  to  the  Mortgaged  Property  as
provided for herein. Borrower will apply the same promptly to the
payment of the costs and expenses for which each Advance is  made
and will not use any part thereof for any other purpose.

     V.4   Lender's Expenses.  Borrower will reimburse Lender for
all   out-of-pocket  expenses  of  Lender,  including  reasonable
attorneys'  fees,  incurred in connection with  the  preparation,
execution, delivery, administration and performance of  the  Loan
Documents.

     V.5   Surveys.   Borrower will furnish Lender at  Borrower's
expense   (i)  a  foundation survey and (ii) an as-built  survey,
each prepared by a registered engineer or surveyor acceptable  to
Lender,  showing that the locations of the Phase I and  Phase  II
Improvements,  and certifying that same are entirely  within  the
property  lines  of  Land,  do not encroach  upon  any  easement,
setback   or  building  line  or  restrictions,  are  placed   in
accordance  with  the Plans and Specifications, all  Governmental
Requirements  and  all restrictive covenants affecting  the  Land
and/or Phase I and Phase II Improvements, and showing no state of
facts  objectionable to Lender. All surveys shall be in form  and
substance  and  from a registered public surveyor  acceptable  to
Lender.

     V.6   Defects and Variances.  Borrower will, upon demand  of
Lender  and  at  Borrower's sole expense, correct any  structural
defect  in  the  Phase II Improvements or any variance  from  the
Plans  and Specifications for the Phase II Improvements which  is
not approved in writing by Lender.

     V.7   Estoppel  Certificates.   Borrower  will  deliver   to
Lender, promptly after request therefor, estoppel certificates or
written  statements, duly acknowledged, stating the  amount  that
has  then  been  advanced to Borrower under this  Agreement,  the
amount due on the Note, and whether any known offsets or defenses
exist against the Note or any of the other Loan Documents.

     V.8   Inspecting  Person.  Borrower will pay  the  fees  and
expenses  of, and cooperate, with the Inspecting Person and  will
cause  the  Design Professional, the Contractor, each  contractor
and  subcontractor and the employees of each of them to cooperate
with  the  Inspecting Person and, upon request, will furnish  the
Inspecting  Person  whatever the Inspecting Person  may  consider
necessary  or  useful in connection with the performance  of  the
Inspecting  Person's duties.  Without limiting the generality  of
the  foregoing, Borrower shall furnish or cause to  be  furnished
such  items  as  working  details, Plans and  Specifications  and
details   thereof,  samples  of  materials,  licenses,   permits,
certificates  of public authorities, zoning ordinances,  building
codes  and  copies  of  the  contracts between  such  person  and
Borrower  (if  applicable).  Borrower  will  permit  Lender,  the
Inspecting Person and their representative to enter the Mortgaged
Property  for  the  purposes  of  inspecting  same  and  Borrower
specifically  agrees  that  the  Inspecting  Person's  inspection
rights  shall  cover both the Phase I and Phase II  Improvements.
Borrower  acknowledges that the duties of the  Inspecting  Person
run solely to Lender and that the Inspecting Person shall have no
obligations   or   responsibilities   whatsoever   to   Borrower,
Contractor,  the Design Professional, or to any of Borrower's  or
Contractor's agents, employees, contractors or subcontractors.

     V.9  BROKERS.  BORROWER WILL INDEMNIFY LENDER FROM CLAIMS OF
BROKERS  ARISING  BY  REASON  OF  THE  EXECUTION  HEREOF  OR  THE
CONSUMMATION  OF  THE  TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED  HEREBY  TO  THE
EXTENT  SUCH BROKER WAS CONTACTED OR HIRED BY BORROWER OR  EITHER
OF ITS JOINT VENTURERS.

     V.10  Personalty  and Fixtures.  Borrower  will  deliver  to
Lender,  on  demand,  any contracts, bills of  sale,  statements,
receipted  vouchers  or  agreements under which  Borrower  claims
title to any materials, fixtures or articles incorporated in  the
Phase II Improvements or subject to the lien of the Deed of Trust
or to the security interest of the Security Agreement.

     V.11  Compliance  with Governmental Requirements.   Borrower
will comply promptly with all Governmental Requirements.

     V.12  Compliance with Restrictive Covenants.  Borrower  will
comply  with  all  restrictive covenants, if any,  affecting  the
Mortgaged  Property. Construction of the Phase  I  and  Phase  II
Improvements will be performed in a good and workmanlike  manner,
within  the  perimeter  boundaries of the  Land  and  within  all
applicable  building  and setback lines in  accordance  with  all
Governmental  Requirements  and  the  Plans  and  Specifications.
There are, and will be, no structural defects in the Phase  I  or
Phase II Improvements.

     V.13  Affidavit  of  Commencement.  In connection  with  the
Phase  I  Improvements, Borrower filed in the appropriate records
of  the  county  in which the Land is situated, an  Affidavit  of
Commencement  ("Affidavit  of Commencement"),  duly  executed  by
Borrower  and Contractor.  The date of commencement of  work  set
forth  in  such Affidavit of Commencement was subsequent  to  the
date   the  original  Deed  of  Trust  was  originally  recorded.
Borrower represents to Lender that said Affidavit of Commencement
encompassed  all  work  contemplated for both  the  Phase  I  and
Phase II Improvements.

     V.14  Affidavit  of Completion.  Borrower, within  ten  (10)
days  after  construction of the Phase II Improvements  has  been
completed, shall file in the appropriate records in the county in
which the Land is situated an Affidavit of Completion ("Affidavit
of  Completion")  in  the form of Exhibit C attached  hereto  and
incorporated herein by this reference.

     V.15  Payment of Expenses.  Borrower shall pay or  reimburse
to  Lender all out-of-pocket costs and expenses relating  to  the
Mortgaged  Property and for which an Advance is  made,  including
(without  limitation), title insurance and  examination  charges,
survey costs, insurance premiums, filing and recording fees,  and
other  expenses payable to third parties incurred  by  Lender  in
connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

     V.16  Notices Received.  Borrower will promptly  deliver  to
Lender  a  true  and  correct copy of  all  notices  received  by
Borrower  from  any  person or entity with respect  to  Borrower,
Guarantor,  the Mortgaged Property, or any or all of them,  which
in  any  way  relates  to or affects the Loan  or  the  Mortgaged
Property.

     V.17 Advertising by Lender.  Borrower agrees that during the
term  of  the  Loan,  Borrower shall erect and  thereafter  shall
maintain on the Mortgaged Property one or more advertising  signs
furnished  by  Lender  indicating  that  the  financing  for  the
Mortgaged Property has been furnished by Lender.

     V.18  Leases.  Borrower will deliver to Lender, upon request
of  Lender,  executed  counterparts  of  all  leases  and  rental
agreements affecting the Mortgaged Property; and all said  leases
will,  if  requested  by  Lender,  contain  a  written  provision
acceptable  to  Lender whereby all rights of the  tenant  in  the
lease  and  the Mortgaged Property are subordinated to the  liens
and   security   interests  granted  in   the   Loan   Documents.
Furthermore, if requested by Lender, Borrower shall cause  to  be
executed  and  delivered to Lender a Non-Disturbance,  Attornment
and Subordination Agreement, in form and substance acceptable  to
Lender, relating to each such lease and fully executed by Lender,
Borrower and such lessee.

     V.19  Approval to Lease Required.  Borrower will obtain  the
prior  written consent of Lender as to any tenant lease ("Lease")
proposed to be entered into by Borrower for space in the Phase II
Improvements and will not thereafter materially modify any  Lease
as  to  the  rental  rate, term or any credit  enhancement  issue
without  Lender's  prior consent.  Lender  agrees  that  it  will
respond  to any request for review of a Lease, or change thereto,
within  ten  (10)  days  of receipt of  a  written  request  from
Borrower.  Borrower agrees to submit to each tenant in connection
with   a   proposed   lease  the  Lender's   required   form   of
Subordination,  Non-Disturbance  and  Attornment  Agreement  (the
"SNDA"), substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D.

     V.20 Statements and Reports.  Borrower agrees to deliver  to
Lender,  during the term of the Loan and until the Loan has  been
fully paid and satisfied, the following statements and reports:

          (a)   Annual, audited financial statements of Borrower,
     each  general  partner  of  Borrower  and  Guarantor  within
     ninety-five  (95) days after the end of each calendar  year,
     prepared and certified to by Guarantor and, in the  case  of
     Borrower, the chief financial officer of the general partner
     of  Borrower and further, in the case of Guarantor, cashflow
     and  contingent liability information shall also be provided
     Lender;

          (b)     Monthly   marketing   reports   with   detailed
     information  as  to  leasing activities  shall  be  provided
     Lender  on  or  before  the  fifteenth  (15th)  day  of  the
     following  month and monthly construction status reports  as
     to the progress of construction of the Phase II Improvements
     shall  be provided Lender on or before the fifteenth  (15th)
     day of the following month;

          (c)   Copies  of  all  state and  federal  tax  returns
     prepared  with respect to Borrower, each Guarantor  and  the
     general  partner of Borrower within ten (10)  days  of  such
     returns  being  filed with the Internal Revenue  Service  or
     applicable state authority;

          (d)   Copies of extension requests or similar documents
     with  respect  to  federal or state income tax  filings  for
     Borrower, each Guarantor and the general partner of Borrower
     within ten (10) days of such documents being filed with  the
     Internal Revenue Service or applicable state authority;

          (e)   Annual operating statements with respect  to  the
     Mortgaged  Property within ninety-five (95) days  after  the
     end  of each calendar year, prepared in such form and detail
     as  Lender  may  require  and  certified  to  by  the  chief
     financial officer of the general partner of Borrower;

          (f)   Monthly operating statements and a rent roll with
     respect  to  the Phase II Improvements, within  thirty  (30)
     days  after the end of each calendar month, commencing  upon
     lease-up of said property, prepared in such form and  detail
     as  Lender  may  reasonably require and in  accordance  with
     generally accepted accounting principles and certified to by
     the  chief  financial  officer of  the  general  partner  of
     Borrower; and

          (g)   Such  other reports and statements as Lender  may
     reasonably require from time to time.

                           ARTICLE VI

                          ASSIGNMENTS

     VI.1  Assignment  of Construction Contract.   As  additional
security   for   the  payment  of  the  Loan,   Borrower   hereby
collaterally  transfers and assigns to Lender all  of  Borrower's
rights  and interest, but not its obligations, in, under  and  to
each   Construction  Contract  upon  the  following   terms   and
conditions:

          (a)  Borrower represents and warrants that the copy  of
     each  Construction Contract the Borrower  has  furnished  or
     will  furnish to Lender is or will be (as applicable) a true
     and complete copy thereof, including all amendments thereto,
     if  any, and that Borrower's interest therein is not subject
     to any claim, setoff or encumbrance.

          (b)   Neither this assignment nor any action by  Lender
     shall  constitute an assumption by Lender of any obligations
     under any Construction Contract, and Borrower shall continue
     to  be  liable  for all obligations of Borrower  thereunder,
     Borrower  hereby agreeing to perform all of its  obligations
     under  each  Construction  Contract.   BORROWER  AGREES   TO
     INDEMNIFY  AND  HOLD LENDER HARMLESS AGAINST  AND  FROM  ANY
     LOSS,  COST, LIABILITY OR EXPENSE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
     TO  ATTORNEYS' FEES) RESULTING FROM ANY FAILURE OF  BORROWER
     TO SO PERFORM.

          (c)   Following any required notice and opportunity  to
     cure,  Lender  shall have the right at any  time  thereafter
     (but shall have no obligation) to take in its name or in the
     name  of  Borrower such action as Lender  may  at  any  time
     determine  to be necessary or advisable to cure any  default
     under any Construction Contract or to protect the rights  of
     Borrower  or  Lender  thereunder.   LENDER  SHALL  INCUR  NO
     LIABILITY  IF  ANY ACTION SO TAKEN BY IT OR  IN  ITS  BEHALF
     SHALL PROVE TO BE INADEQUATE OR INVALID, AND BORROWER AGREES
     TO  INDEMNIFY AND HOLD LENDER HARMLESS AGAINST AND FROM  ANY
     LOSS,  COST, LIABILITY OR EXPENSE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
     TO  REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES) INCURRED IN CONNECTION  WITH
     ANY SUCH ACTION.

          (d)    Borrower  hereby  irrevocably  constitutes   and
     appoints  Lender  as  Borrower's attorney-in-fact  effective
     upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, in Borrower's or
     Lender's name, to enforce all rights of Borrower under  each
     Construction Contract. Such appointment is coupled  with  an
     interest and is therefore irrevocable.

          (e)   Prior  to the occurrence of an Event of  Default,
     Borrower  shall  have the right to exercise  its  rights  as
     owner  under  each  Construction  Contract,  provided   that
     Borrower shall not cancel or amend any Construction Contract
     or  do  or suffer to be done any act which would impair  the
     security  constituted by this assignment without  the  prior
     written consent of Lender.

          (f)   This  assignment shall inure to  the  benefit  of
     Lender  and  its successors and assigns, any purchaser  upon
     foreclosure of the Deed of Trust, any receiver in possession
     of  the  Mortgaged  Property and any corporation  affiliated
     with  Lender  which assumes Lender's rights and  obligations
     under this Agreement.

     VI.2  Assignment of Plans and Specifications.  As additional
security for the Loan, Borrower hereby collaterally transfers and
assigns to Lender all of Borrower's right, title and interest  in
and  to  the  Plans and Specifications and hereby represents  and
warrants to and agrees with Lender as follows:

          (a)   Each schedule of the Plans and Specifications for
     the  Phase  II Improvements delivered or to be delivered  to
     Lender  is  and shall be a complete and accurate description
     of such Plans and Specifications.

          (b)   The  Plans and Specifications for  the  Phase  II
     Improvements are and shall be complete and adequate for  the
     construction  of the Phase II Improvements  and  there  have
     been  no  modifications thereof except as described in  such
     schedule.   The  Plans  and  Specifications  shall  not   be
     modified without the prior consent of Lender.

          (c)   Lender  may use the Plans and Specifications  for
     the  Phase II Improvements for any purpose relating  to  the
     Phase   II  Improvements,  including  but  not  limited   to
     inspections  of  construction  and  the  completion  of  the
     Phase II Improvements.

          (d)   Lender's acceptance of this assignment shall  not
     constitute  approval  of  the Plans  and  Specifications  by
     Lender.  Lender has no liability or obligation in connection
     with the Plans and Specifications and no responsibility  for
     the adequacy thereof or for the construction of the Phase II
     Improvements  contemplated by the Plans  and  Specifications
     for  the  Phase  II Improvements.  Lender  has  no  duty  to
     inspect either the Phase I or Phase II Improvements, and  if
     Lender  should inspect the Phase I or Phase II Improvements,
     Lender shall have no liability or obligation to Borrower  or
     any  other  party arising out of such inspection.   No  such
     inspection  nor  any  failure by Lender to  make  objections
     after  any such inspection shall constitute a representation
     by  Lender  that the Phase II Improvements are in accordance
     with  the  Plans and Specifications or any other requirement
     or  constitute  a  waiver of Lender's  right  thereafter  to
     insist  that  the  Phase II Improvements be  constructed  in
     accordance  with the Plans and Specifications or  any  other
     requirement.

          (e)   This  assignment shall inure to  the  benefit  of
     Lender  and  its successors and assigns, any purchaser  upon
     foreclosure of the Deed of Trust, any receiver in possession
     of  the  Mortgaged  Property and any corporation  affiliated
     with  Lender  which assumes Lender's rights and  obligations
     under this Agreement.

     VI.3  Assignment of Design Services Contract.  As additional
security   for   the  payment  of  the  Loan,   Borrower   hereby
collaterally  transfers and assigns to Lender all  of  Borrower's
rights  and interest, but not its obligations, in, under  and  to
each  Design  Services  Contract upon  the  following  terms  and
conditions:

          (a)  Borrower represents and warrants that the copy  of
     each Design Services Contract the Borrower has furnished  or
     will  furnish to Lender is or will be (as applicable) a true
     and complete copy thereof, including all amendments thereto,
     if  any, and that Borrower's interest therein is not subject
     to any claim, setoff or encumbrance.

          (b)   Neither this assignment nor any action by  Lender
     shall  constitute an assumption by Lender of any obligations
     under  any  Design  Services Contract,  and  Borrower  shall
     continue  to  be  liable  for all  obligations  of  Borrower
     thereunder, Borrower hereby agreeing to perform all  of  its
     obligations  under each Design Services Contract.   BORROWER
     AGREES  TO  INDEMNIFY AND HOLD LENDER HARMLESS  AGAINST  AND
     FROM ANY LOSS, COST, LIABILITY OR EXPENSE (INCLUDING BUT NOT
     LIMITED  TO  ATTORNEYS' FEES) RESULTING FROM ANY FAILURE  OF
     BORROWER TO SO PERFORM.

          (c)   Following any required notice and opportunity  to
     cure,  Lender  shall have the right at any  time  thereafter
     (but shall have no obligation) to take in its name or in the
     name  of  Borrower such action as Lender  may  at  any  time
     determine  to be necessary or advisable to cure any  default
     under  any Design Services Contract or to protect the rights
     of  Borrower  or Lender thereunder.  LENDER SHALL  INCUR  NO
     LIABILITY  IF  ANY ACTION SO TAKEN BY IT OR  IN  ITS  BEHALF
     SHALL PROVE TO BE INADEQUATE OR INVALID, AND BORROWER AGREES
     TO  INDEMNIFY AND HOLD LENDER HARMLESS AGAINST AND FROM  ANY
     LOSS,  COST, LIABILITY OR EXPENSE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
     TO  REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES) INCURRED IN CONNECTION  WITH
     ANY SUCH ACTION.

          (d)    Borrower  hereby  irrevocably  constitutes   and
     appoints  Lender  as  Borrower's attorney-in-fact  effective
     upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, in Borrower's or
     Lender's name, to enforce all rights of Borrower under  each
     Design  Services Contract. Such appointment is coupled  with
     an interest and is therefore irrevocable.

          (e)   Prior  to the occurrence of an Event of  Default,
     Borrower  shall  have the right to exercise  its  rights  as
     owner  under  each Design Services Contract,  provided  that
     Borrower  shall  not  cancel or amend  any  Design  Services
     Contract  or  do  or suffer to be done any act  which  would
     impair  the security constituted by this assignment  without
     the prior written consent of Lender.

          (f)   This  assignment shall inure to  the  benefit  of
     Lender  and  its successors and assigns, any purchaser  upon
     foreclosure of the Deed of Trust, any receiver in possession
     of  the  Mortgaged  Property and any corporation  affiliated
     with  Lender  which assumes Lender's rights and  obligations
     under this Agreement.

     VI.4   Assignment  of  Proceeds.   Borrower  hereby  further
collaterally  transfers  and assigns to Lender  and  acknowledges
that  Lender  shall be entitled to receive (i) any and  all  sums
which  may  be  awarded  and  become  payable  to  Borrower   for
condemnation of all or any portion of the Mortgaged Property,  or
(ii)  the  proceeds of any and all insurance upon  the  Mortgaged
Property  (other  than the proceeds of general  public  liability
insurance).

          (a)   Borrower  shall, upon request  of  Lender,  make,
     execute,  acknowledge  and deliver any  and  all  additional
     assignments and documents as may be necessary from  time  to
     time to enable Lender to collect and receipt for any of such
     insurance or condemnation proceeds.

          (b)   Lender  shall  not be, under  any  circumstances,
     liable  or  responsible for failure to collect, or  exercise
     diligence in the collection of, any of such sums.

          (c)   Any  sums so received by Lender pursuant to  this
     Section  6.4  may, in Lender's sole discretion, be  provided
     back  to Borrower for restoration of the Mortgaged Property,
     in   the  amounts,  manner,  method  and  pursuant  to  such
     requirements in documents as Lender may require, or shall be
     applied to the liquidation of the Indebtedness in accordance
     with  the  provisions of Section 7.4 of the Deed  of  Trust;
     provided,  however, if Lender determines that the  Mortgaged
     Property can be restored prior to the maturity date  of  the
     Note, and no Event of Default exists, then Lender will apply
     the proceeds to the restoration of the Mortgaged Property.



                          ARTICLE VII

                       EVENTS OF DEFAULT

     VII.1      Events  of Default.  Each of the following  shall
constitute an "Event of Default" hereunder:

          (a)  If Borrower shall fail, refuse, or neglect to pay,
     in  full, any installment or portion of the Indebtedness  as
     and  when the same shall become due and payable, whether  at
     the  due date thereof stipulated in the Loan Documents, upon
     acceleration  or otherwise and such default  shall  continue
     for a period of ten (10) calendar days beyond any due date.

          (b)   If there is an "Event of Default", as defined  in
     the  Phase  I Note or in any of the Phase I Loan  Documents,
     which  is  not  cured within any applicable  grace  or  cure
     periods.

          (c)   If  Borrower shall fail, refuse  or  neglect,  or
     cause  others  to fail, refuse, or neglect to  comply  with,
     perform   and  discharge  fully  and  timely  any   of   the
     Obligations  as and when called for, and such failure  shall
     continue  for  a  period of ten (10) days after  receipt  of
     written  notice  from  Lender; provided,  however,  Borrower
     shall have the right to attempt to cure said default for  up
     to  an additional thirty (30) days if Borrower is diligently
     prosecuting a cure of said default.

          (d)  If any representation, warranty, or statement made
     by  Borrower, Guarantor, or others in, under, or pursuant to
     the  Loan  Documents  or any affidavit or  other  instrument
     executed or delivered with respect to the Loan Documents  or
     the  Indebtedness is determined by Lender  to  be  false  or
     misleading in any material respect as of the date hereof  or
     thereof  or  shall  become  so at  any  time  prior  to  the
     repayment in full of the Indebtedness.
          (e)   If  Borrower shall default or commit an event  of
     default under and pursuant to any other mortgage or security
     agreement  which covers or affects any part of the Mortgaged
     Property  which  is  not cured within any  notice  or  grace
     period.

          (f)   If  Borrower (i) shall execute an assignment  for
     the  benefit  of  creditors or an admission  in  writing  by
     Borrower  of  Borrower's inability  to  pay,  or  Borrower's
     failure to pay, debts generally as the debts become due;  or
     (ii) shall allow the levy against the Mortgaged Property  or
     any    part   thereof,   of   any   execution,   attachment,
     sequestration  or  other writ which is  not  vacated  within
     sixty  days  after  the  levy;  or  (iii)  shall  allow  the
     appointment of a receiver, trustee or custodian of  Borrower
     or  of  the  Mortgaged Property or any part  thereof,  which
     receiver,  trustee  or  custodian is not  discharged  within
     sixty  (60) days after the appointment; or (iv) files  as  a
     debtor a petition, case, proceeding or other action pursuant
     to,  or voluntarily seeks of the benefit or benefits of  any
     Debtor  Relief  Law (as defined in the Deed  of  Trust),  or
     takes any action in furtherance thereof; or (v) files either
     a  petition,  complaint,  answer or other  instrument  which
     seeks to effect a suspension of, or which has the effect  of
     suspending  any  of the rights or powers of  Lender  or  the
     trustee under the Deed of Trust granted in the Note,  herein
     or  in  any  Loan Document; or (vi) allows the filing  of  a
     petition, case, proceeding or other action against  Borrower
     as a debtor under any Debtor Relief Law or seeks appointment
     of  a receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator of Borrower
     or of the Mortgaged Property, or any part thereof, or of any
     significant   portion  of  Borrower's  other  property   and
     (a)  Borrower  admits, acquiesces in  or  fails  to  contest
     diligently  the  material allegations thereof,  or  (b)  the
     petition,  case, proceeding or other action results  in  the
     entry  of  an order for relief or order granting the  relief
     sought   against  Borrower,  or  (c)  the  petition,   case,
     proceeding  or other action is not permanently dismissed  or
     discharged  on  or  before the earlier of trial  thereon  or
     sixty (60) days next following the date of filing.

          (g)  If Borrower, any Constituent Party (as defined  in
     the  Deed  of Trust), or any Guarantor, shall die, dissolve,
     terminate  or  liquidate, or merge with or  be  consolidated
     into any other entity, or become permanently disabled.

          (h)   If  Borrower creates, places, or  permits  to  be
     created  or  placed, or through any act or failure  to  act,
     acquiesces  in  the  placing of, or allows  to  remain,  any
     Subordinate Mortgage, regardless of whether such Subordinate
     Mortgage  is expressly subordinate to the liens or  security
     interests  of  the  Loan  Documents,  with  respect  to  the
     Mortgaged Property, other than the Permitted Exceptions.

          (i)  If Borrower makes a Disposition, without the prior
     written consent of Lender.

          (j)   If  any condemnation proceeding is instituted  or
     threatened   which   would,  in  Lender's   sole   judgment,
     materially  impair the use and enjoyment  of  the  Mortgaged
     Property for its intended purposes.

          (k)    If   the   Mortgaged  Property  is   demolished,
     destroyed,  or  substantially damaged so that,  in  Lender's
     judgment,  it  cannot be restored or rebuilt with  available
     funds  to the condition existing immediately prior  to  such
     demolition,  destruction,  or  damage  within  a  reasonable
     period of time.

          (l)   If  Lender reasonably determines that  any  event
     shall  have  occurred  that could  be  expected  to  have  a
     Material Adverse Effect.

          (m)   If  Borrower abandons all or any portion  of  the
     Mortgaged Property.

          (n)   The  occurrence  of  any  event  referred  to  in
     Sections  7.1(f)  and  (g)  hereof  with  respect   to   any
     Guarantor,  Constituent  Party or  other  person  or  entity
     obligated  in  any manner to pay or perform the Indebtedness
     or  Obligations, respectively, or any part  thereof  (as  if
     such  Guarantor, Constituent Party or other person or entity
     were the "Borrower" in such Sections).

          (o)   An Event of Default as defined in any of the Loan
     Documents.

          (p)   If  the construction of the Phase II Improvements
     are,  at  any time, (i) discontinued due to acts or  matters
     within  Borrower's control for a period of ten (10) or  more
     consecutive  days,  (ii)  not  carried  on  with  reasonable
     dispatch,  or  (iii) not completed by the  Completion  Date;
     subject,  however,  to Force Majeure (hereinafter  defined).
     "Force  Majeure"  shall be deemed to mean that  Borrower  is
     delayed or hindered in or prevented from the performance  of
     any act required hereunder, not the failure of Borrower,  by
     reason  of  (i) inability to procure materials or reasonable
     substitutes  thereof,  (ii) failure of  power,  (iii)  civil
     commotion, riots, insurrection or war, (iv) unavoidable fire
     or  other casualty, or acts of God (v) strikes, lockouts  or
     other   labor   disputes  (not  by  Borrower's   employees),
     (vi) restrictive governmental law or regulation, (vii) delay
     by Lender of any act required of it hereunder, or (viii) any
     other   causes  of  a  like  nature  to  the  above   listed
     (i)  through  (vii).  Financial inability  on  the  part  of
     Borrower  shall not be construed a Force Majeure  hereunder.
     Borrower  agrees  to  use its best  efforts  to  resume  the
     construction  of  the  Phase  II  Improvements  as  soon  as
     practicable  after the cause of such delay has been  removed
     or canceled.

          (q0  If Borrower is unable to satisfy any condition  of
     Borrower's right to receive Advances hereunder for a  period
     in excess of thirty (30) days after Lender's refusal to make
     any further Advances.

          (r0  If Borrower executes any conditional bill of sale,
     chattel  mortgage or other security instrument covering  any
     materials,  fixtures or articles intended to be incorporated
     in the Phase I or Phase II Improvements or the appurtenances
     thereto, or covering articles of personal property placed in
     the  Phase  I or Phase II Improvements, or files a financing
     statement publishing notice of such security instrument,  or
     if  any  of  such  materials, fixtures or articles  are  not
     purchased in such a manner that the ownership thereof  vests
     unconditionally  in  Borrower, free  from  encumbrances,  on
     delivery  at  the Phase I and Phase II Improvements,  or  if
     Borrower  does not produce to Lender upon reasonable  demand
     the contracts, bills of sale, statements, receipted vouchers
     or  agreements, or any of them, under which Borrower  claims
     title to such materials, fixtures and articles.

          (s0   If any levy, attachment or garnishment is issued,
     or  if any lien for the performance of work or the supply of
     materials  is  filed,  against any  part  of  the  Mortgaged
     Property  and remains unsatisfied or unbonded following  the
     earlier  of (i) fifteen (15) days after the date  of  filing
     thereof or (ii) the requesting by Borrower of an Advance.

     VII.2      Remedies.  Lender shall have the right, upon  the
happening  of an Event of Default, in addition to any  rights  or
remedies available to it under all other Loan Documents, to enter
into possession of the Mortgaged Property and perform any and all
work and labor necessary to complete the Phase II Improvements in
accordance  with the Plans and Specifications.   All  amounts  so
expended  by  Lender shall be deemed to have  been  disbursed  to
Borrower as Loan proceeds and secured by the Deed of Trust.   For
this  purpose,  Borrower hereby constitutes and  appoints  (which
appointment  is  coupled  with  an  interest  and  is   therefore
irrevocable)    Lender   as   Borrower's    true    and    lawful
attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution to complete the
Phase  II  Improvements  in  the name  of  Borrower,  and  hereby
empowers  Lender,  acting  as  Borrower's  attorney-in-fact,   as
follows:   to  use any funds of Borrower, including  any  balance
which may be held in escrow, any Borrower's Deposit and any funds
which  may  remain  unadvanced  hereunder,  for  the  purpose  of
completing the Phase II Improvements in the manner called for  by
the  Plans and Specifications; to make such additions and changes
and  corrections in the Plans and Specifications which  shall  be
necessary  or desirable to complete the Phase II Improvements  in
the  manner  contemplated  by the Plans  and  Specifications;  to
continue   all   or  any  existing  construction   contracts   or
subcontracts; to employ such contractors, subcontractors, agents,
design professionals and inspectors as shall be required for said
purposes;  to  pay, settle or compromise all existing  bills  and
claims  which are or may be liens against the Mortgaged Property,
or  may be necessary or desirable for the completion of the  work
or  the  clearing  of title; to execute all the applications  and
certificates in the name of Borrower which may be required by any
construction  contract; and to do any and every act with  respect
to  the  construction of the Phase II Improvements which Borrower
could  do in Borrower's own behalf.  Lender, acting as Borrower's
attorney-in-fact, shall also have power to prosecute  and  defend
all  actions  or  proceedings in connection  with  the  Mortgaged
Property and to take such action and require such performance  as
is deemed necessary.

                          ARTICLE VIII

         LENDER'S DISCLAIMERS - BORROWER'S INDEMNITIES

     VIII.1    No Obligation by Lender to Construct.  Lender  has
no  liability or obligation whatsoever or howsoever in connection
with  the Mortgaged Property or the development, construction  or
completion  thereof  or  work  performed  thereon,  and  has   no
obligation except to disburse the Loan proceeds as herein agreed,
Lender  is  not  obligated to inspect the Phase  I  or  Phase  II
Improvements  nor  is Lender liable, and under  no  circumstances
whatsoever  shall Lender be or become liable, for the performance
or default of any contractor or subcontractor, or for any failure
to construct, complete, protect or insure the Mortgaged Property,
or  any  part thereof, or for the payment of any cost or  expense
incurred  in  connection  therewith, or for  the  performance  or
nonperformance  of  any obligation of Borrower  or  Guarantor  to
Lender   nor  to  any  other  person,  firm  or  entity   without
limitation.    Nothing,   including   without   limitation,   any
disbursement  of  Loan  proceeds or the  Borrower's  Deposit  nor
acceptance  of any document or instrument, shall be construed  as
such  a  representation  or  warranty,  express  or  implied,  on
Lender's part.

     VIII.2     No Obligation by Lender to Operate.  Any term  or
condition   of  any  of  the  Loan  Documents  to  the   contrary
notwithstanding, Lender shall not have, and by its execution  and
acceptance  of  this  Agreement hereby expressly  disclaims,  any
obligation  or  responsibility for  the  management,  conduct  or
operation  of the business and affairs of Borrower or  Guarantor.
Any  term or condition of the Loan Documents which permits Lender
to  disburse  funds, whether from the proceeds of the  Loan,  the
Borrower's  Deposit  or otherwise, or to  take  or  refrain  from
taking  any  action  with  respect to  Borrower,  Guarantor,  the
Mortgaged Property or any other collateral for repayment  of  the
Loan, shall be deemed to be solely to permit Lender to audit  and
review the management, operation and conduct of the business  and
affairs  of Borrower and Guarantor, and to maintain and  preserve
the  security given by Borrower to Lender for the Loan,  and  may
not  be  relied upon by any other person.  Further, Lender  shall
not have, has not assumed and by its execution and acceptance  of
this  Agreement  hereby  expressly  disclaims  any  liability  or
responsibility for the payment or performance of any indebtedness
or  obligation of Borrower or Guarantor and no term or  condition
of  the  Loan Documents, shall be construed otherwise.   Borrower
hereby  expressly acknowledges that no term or condition  of  the
Loan  Documents shall be construed so as to deem the relationship
between  Borrower, Guarantor and Lender to be other than that  of
borrower,  guarantor and lender, and Borrower shall at all  times
represent  that the relationship between Borrower, Guarantor  and
Lender   is  solely  that  of  borrower,  guarantor  and  lender.
BORROWER  HEREBY  INDEMNIFIES AND AGREES TO HOLD LENDER  HARMLESS
FROM  AND  AGAINST  ANY  COST, EXPENSE OR LIABILITY  INCURRED  OR
SUFFERED BY LENDER AS A RESULT OF ANY ASSERTION OR CLAIM  OF  ANY
OBLIGATION  OR  RESPONSIBILITY  OF  LENDER  FOR  THE  MANAGEMENT,
OPERATION AND CONDUCT OF THE BUSINESS AND AFFAIRS OF BORROWER  OR
GUARANTOR,  OR  AS  A RESULT OF ANY ASSERTION  OR  CLAIM  OF  ANY
LIABILITY  OR  RESPONSIBILITY  OF  LENDER  FOR  THE  PAYMENT   OR
PERFORMANCE  OF  ANY INDEBTEDNESS OR OBLIGATION  OF  BORROWER  OR
GUARANTOR.

     VIII.3       INDEMNITY   BY   BORROWER.    BORROWER   HEREBY
INDEMNIFIES   LENDER  AND  EACH  AFFILIATE  THEREOF   AND   THEIR
RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS  FROM,  AND
HOLDS  EACH  OF  THEM  HARMLESS  AGAINST,  ANY  AND  ALL  LOSSES,
LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, DAMAGES, COSTS, AND EXPENSES TO WHICH ANY OF
THEM  MAY  BECOME  SUBJECT, INSOFAR AS SUCH LOSSES,  LIABILITIES,
CLAIMS, DAMAGES, COSTS, AND EXPENSES  ARISE FROM OR RELATE TO ANY
OF  THE  LOAN  DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS  CONTEMPLATED
THEREBY   OR  FROM  ANY  INVESTIGATION,  LITIGATION,   OR   OTHER
PROCEEDING,   INCLUDING,  WITHOUT  LIMITATION,   ANY   THREATENED
INVESTIGATION, LITIGATION,  OR OTHER PROCEEDING RELATING  TO  ANY
OF  THE  FOREGOING.   Without intending  to  limit  the  remedies
available  to  Lender  with respect to  the  enforcement  of  its
indemnification rights as stated herein or as stated in any  Loan
Document,  in the event any claim or demand is made or any  other
fact  comes  to  the  attention of  Lender  in  connection  with,
relating  or  pertaining to, or arising out of  the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, which Lender reasonably  believes
might  involve  or  lead to some liability  of  Lender,  Borrower
shall,  immediately upon receipt of written notification  of  any
such  claim or demand, assume in full the personal responsibility
for  and  the  defense of any such claim or  demand  and  pay  in
connection  therewith any loss, damage, deficiency, liability  or
obligation, including, without limitation, legal fees  and  court
costs  incurred in connection therewith.  In the event  of  court
action  in  connection with any such claim  or  demand,  Borrower
shall  assume in full the responsibility for the defense  of  any
such action and shall immediately satisfy and discharge any final
decree  or  judgment rendered therein.  Lender may, in  its  sole
discretion, make any payments sustained or incurred by reason  of
any  of  the foregoing; and Borrower shall immediately  repay  to
Lender, in cash and not with proceeds of the Loan, the amount  of
such  payment,  with  interest thereon at the  Default  Rate  (as
defined in the Note) from the date of such payment.  Lender shall
have the right to join Borrower as a party defendant in any legal
action  brought against Lender, and Borrower hereby  consents  to
the  entry of an order making Borrower a party defendant  to  any
such action.

     VIII.4     No Agency.  Nothing herein shall be construed  as
making  or constituting Lender as the agent of Borrower in making
payments  pursuant to any construction contracts or  subcontracts
entered  into  by  Borrower  for construction  of  the  Phase  II
Improvements  or  otherwise.  The purpose of all requirements  of
Lender  hereunder is solely to allow Lender to check and  require
documentation  (including,  but not  limited  to,  lien  waivers)
sufficient  to  protect Lender and the Loan contemplated  hereby.
Borrower  shall have no right to rely on any procedures  required
by  Lender, Borrower hereby acknowledging that Borrower has  sole
responsibility  for  constructing  the  Phase  I  or   Phase   II
Improvements and paying for work done in accordance therewith and
that  Borrower has solely, on Borrower's own behalf, selected  or
approved   each   contractor,   each   subcontractor   and   each
materialman, Lender having no responsibility for any such persons
or entities or for the quality of their materials or workmanship.


                           ARTICLE IX

                         MISCELLANEOUS

     IX.1  Successors  and  Assigns.   This  Agreement  shall  be
binding  upon,  and shall inure to the benefit of,  Borrower  and
Lender,   and  their  respective  heirs,  legal  representatives,
successors and assigns; provided, however, that Borrower may  not
assign any rights or obligations under this Agreement without the
prior written consent of Lender.

     IX.2   Headings.   The  Article,  Section,  and   Subsection
entitlements  hereof  are inserted for convenience  of  reference
only  and  shall in no way alter, modify, define or  be  used  in
construing the text of such Articles, Sections or Subsections.

     IX.3  Survival.   The provisions hereof  shall  survive  the
execution of all instruments herein mentioned, shall continue  in
full  force and effect until the Loan has been paid in  full  and
shall not be affected by any investigation made by any party.

     IX.4  APPLICABLE LAW.  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE  GOVERNED  BY
AND  CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH  THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS
AND  THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.  COURTS
WITHIN  THE STATE OF TEXAS SHALL HAVE JURISDICTION OVER  ANY  AND
ALL  DISPUTES  BETWEEN BORROWER AND LENDER,  WHETHER  IN  LAW  OR
EQUITY,  INCLUDING,  BUT NOT LIMITED TO,  ANY  AND  ALL  DISPUTES
ARISING  OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY  OTHER  LOAN
DOCUMENT;  AND  VENUE IN ANY SUCH DISPUTE WHETHER IN  FEDERAL  OR
STATE COURT SHALL BE LAID IN DALLAS COUNTY, TEXAS.

     IX.5  Notices.  All notices or other communications required
or  permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be  in
writing  and shall be considered as properly given if (i)  mailed
by first class United States mail, postage prepaid, registered or
certified with return receipt requested; (ii) by delivering  same
in  person to the intended addressee; or (iii) by delivery to  an
independent third party commercial delivery service for same  day
or next day delivery and providing for evidence of receipt at the
office  of  the  intended addressee.  Notice so mailed  shall  be
effective upon its deposit with the United States Postal  Service
or  any  successor  thereto; notice sent  a  commercial  delivery
service  shall  be  effective upon delivery  to  such  commercial
delivery  service;  notice given by personal  delivery  shall  be
effective only if and when received by the addressee; and  notice
given by other means shall be effective only if and when received
at  the  designated  address  of  the  intended  addressee.   For
purposes of notice, the addresses of the parties shall be as  set
forth on page 1 of this Agreement; provided, however, that either
party  shall  have  the right to change its  address  for  notice
hereunder  to  any  other location within the continental  United
States  by  the giving of thirty (30) days notice  to  the  other
party in the manner set forth herein.

     IX.6  Reliance by Lender.  Lender is relying and is entitled
to  rely  upon each and all of the provisions of this  Agreement;
and accordingly, if any provision or provisions of this Agreement
should  be  held  to be invalid or ineffective,  then  all  other
provisions  hereof  shall  continue  in  full  force  and  effect
notwithstanding.

     IX.7  Participations.  Lender shall have the  right  at  any
time  and  from time to time to grant participations in the  Loan
and  Loan  Documents.   Each participant  shall  be  entitled  to
receive   all  information  received  by  Lender  regarding   the
creditworthiness  of  Borrower, any of  its  principals  and  the
Guarantor, including (without limitation) information required to
be  disclosed  to a participant pursuant to Banking Circular  181
(Rev., August 2, 1984), issued by the Comptroller of the Currency
(whether the participant is subject to the circular or not).

     IX.8 Controlling Agreement.  It is expressly stipulated  and
agreed  to be the intent of Borrower and Lender at all  times  to
comply  with  applicable  Texas law or applicable  United  States
federal  law  (to the extent that it permits Lender  to  contract
for,  charge,  take,  reserve, or receive  a  greater  amount  of
interest  than  under  Texas law) and  that  this  section  shall
control every other covenant and agreement in this Agreement.  If
the applicable law is ever judicially interpreted so as to render
usurious any amount called for under the Note or under any of the
other   Loan  Documents,  or  contracted  for,  charged,   taken,
reserved,   or   received  with  respect  to   the   indebtedness
("Indebtedness") evidenced or secured by the Loan  Documents,  or
if  Lender's exercise of the option to accelerate the maturity of
the  Note,  or if any prepayment by Borrower results in  Borrower
having  paid  any  interest  in  excess  of  that  permitted   by
applicable law, then it is Borrower's and Lender's express intent
that all excess amounts theretofore collected by Lender shall  be
credited  on  the  principal balance of the Note  and  all  other
Indebtedness  (or,  if the Note and all other  Indebtedness  have
been or would thereby be paid in full, refunded to Borrower), and
the   provisions  of  the  Note  and  the  other  Loan  Documents
immediately  be  deemed  reformed  and  the  amounts   thereafter
collectible   hereunder  and  thereunder  reduced,  without   the
necessity of the execution of any new documents, so as to  comply
with the applicable law, but so as to permit the recovery of  the
fullest amount otherwise called for hereunder or thereunder.  All
sums   paid  or  agreed  to  be  paid  to  Lender  for  the  use,
forbearance,  or  detention  of the Indebtedness  shall,  to  the
extent  permitted  by  applicable law,  be  amortized,  prorated,
allocated,  and  spread throughout the full stated  term  of  the
Indebtedness until payment in full so that the rate or amount  of
interest  on  account  of the Indebtedness does  not  exceed  the
Maximum Lawful Rate (as defined in the Note) from time to time in
effect  and  applicable to the Indebtedness for so  long  as  the
Indebtedness is outstanding.  In no event shall the provisions of
Chapter  346  of the Texas Finance Code (which regulates  certain
revolving  credit loan accounts and revolving triparty  accounts)
apply to the loan evidenced and/or secured by the Loan Documents.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein  or  in
any  of  the  other  Loan Documents, it is not the  intention  of
Lender  to accelerate the maturity of any interest that  has  not
accrued  at the time of such acceleration or to collect  unearned
interest at the time of such acceleration.

     IX.9  Controlling  Document.  In the  event  of  a  conflict
between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the  terms
and  conditions  of  any  other  Loan  Document,  the  terms  and
conditions of this Agreement shall control.

     IX.10      Construction of Agreement.  All pronouns, whether
in  masculine, feminine or neuter form, shall be deemed to  refer
to the object of such pronoun whether same is masculine, feminine
or  neuter in gender, as the context may suggest or require.  All
terms  used herein, whether or not defined in Section 1.1 hereof,
and  whether used in singular or plural form, shall be deemed  to
refer  to  the object of such term, whether such is  singular  or
plural in nature, as the context may suggest or require.

     IX.11      Counterpart Execution.  To facilitate  execution,
this Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts as may
be   convenient   or   required,  with  all   such   counterparts
collectively constituting a single instrument.

     IX.12      NOTICE OF INDEMNIFICATION.  BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES
AND  AGREES  THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS CERTAIN INDEMNIFICATION
PROVISIONS  PURSUANT  TO SECTIONS 5.9,  6.1,  6.3,  8.2  AND  8.3
HEREOF.

     IX.13      ENTIRE  AGREEMENT.  THIS LOAN AGREEMENT  AND  THE
OTHER  LOAN  DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN  THE
PARTIES  AND  MAY  NOT  BE CONTRADICTED  BY  EVIDENCE  OF  PRIOR,
CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS  OF  THE  PARTIES.
THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES.  THIS
INSTRUMENT  MAY  BE  AMENDED ONLY BY  AN  INSTRUMENT  IN  WRITING
EXECUTED BY THE PARTIES HERETO.

     IX.14      Year  2000 Covenant.  Borrower shall perform  all
acts  reasonably  necessary to ensure that (i) Borrower  and  any
business  in  which  Borrower holds a substantial  interest,  and
(ii)  all  customers, suppliers and vendors that are material  to
Borrower's  business,  become Year 2000  Compliant  in  a  timely
manner.   Such acts shall include, without limitation, performing
a  comprehensive  review  and assessment  of  all  of  Borrower's
systems  and adopting a detailed plan, with itemized budget,  for
the remediation, monitoring and testing of such systems.  As used
in this paragraph, "Year 2000 Compliant" shall mean, in regard to
any  entity,  that  all software, hardware, firmware,  equipment,
fixtures,  goods  or  systems utilized  by  or  material  to  the
business  operations or financial condition of such entity,  will
properly  perform  date sensitive functions  before,  during  and
after  the year 2000.  Borrower shall, immediately upon  request,
provide  to  Lender  such certifications  or  other  evidence  of
Borrower's compliance with the terms of this paragraph as  Lender
may from time to time require.

   [The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank.]

     IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed  this
Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

                     LENDER:

                     COMERICA BANK-TEXAS,
                     a state banking association


                     By:
                     Name:
                     Title:


                     BORROWER:

                     STRATUS 7000 WEST JOINT VENTURE,
                     a Texas joint venture

                     By: Stratus 7000 West, Ltd.,
                         a Texas limited partnership,
                         Its Operating Partner

                         By:  STRS L.L.C.,
                              a    Delaware   limited   liability
                              company,
                              Its General Partner

                              By:  Stratus Properties Inc.,
                                   a Delaware corporation,
                                   Its Sole Member


                                   By:  /s/ William H. Armstrong, III
                                        ---------------------------------
                                   Name:  William  H. Armstrong, III
                                   Title: Chairman of the Board, President
                                           and Chief Executive Officer

                     By: Oly Lantana, L.P.,
                         a Texas limited partnership,
                         Its Financial Partner

                         By:  Oly Lantana GP, L.L.C.,
                              a Texas limited liability company,
                              Its Sole General Partner


                              By:
                              Name:
                              Title:

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
