<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>c73016exv10w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SURETY QUOTA SHARE TREATY
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2


                            SURETY QUOTA SHARE TREATY
                    (hereinafter referred to as "Agreement")

                           EFFECTIVE: OCTOBER 1, 2002

                           entered into by and between

                          CONTINENTAL CASUALTY COMPANY
                     (hereinafter referred to as "Company")

                                       and

                             WESTERN SURETY COMPANY
                    (hereinafter referred to as "Reinsurer")


Witnesseth:

In consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, and upon the terms
and conditions hereinafter set forth the Company and the Reinsurer hereby agree
as follows:


ARTICLE 1 - BUSINESS COVERED

The Company agrees to cede and the Reinsurer agrees to accept a 100% quota share
of the Company's net retained liability on Surety Business written or renewed,
by or on behalf of the Company, during the term of this Agreement, subject to
the following terms and conditions. The liability of the Reinsurer shall
commence simultaneously with that of the Company.

In the event that a loss covered hereunder involves more than one of the
Company's policies, this Agreement shall provide coverage for each and every
Policy in such loss.

ARTICLE 2 - TERM AND CANCELLATION

This Agreement is effective 12:01 a.m. Standard Time on October 1, 2002 and
shall continue in full force and effect until Midnight Standard Time, December
31, 2003. Standard Time as used in this Agreement shall mean standard time at
the location of the original insured. Upon expiration of this Agreement, the
Reinsurer shall continue to cover all Policies coming within the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, until the natural expiration or anniversary of
such Policies.

Notwithstanding the expiration of this Agreement as hereinabove provided, the
provisions of this Agreement shall continue to apply to all unfinished business
hereunder and that all obligations and liabilities incurred by each party
hereafter, prior to such expiration, shall be fully performed and discharged.

ARTICLE 3 - TERRITORY

This agreement applies to the territory as in the Company's original Policies
reinsured hereunder.

ARTICLE 4 - ORIGINAL CONDITIONS



<PAGE>




All amounts ceded hereunder shall be subject to the same gross rating and to the
same clauses, conditions, exclusions and modifications of the Company's
Policies, subject to the limits, terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Except as specifically and expressly provided for in the Insolvency Article, the
provisions of this Agreement are intended solely for the benefit of the parties
to and executing this Agreement, and nothing in this Agreement shall in any
manner create, or be construed to create, any obligations to or establish any
rights against any party to this Agreement in favor of any third parties or
other persons not parties to and executing this Agreement.


ARTICLE 5 - DEFINITIONS

A.   As respects the use of "Company" within this Agreement, it is understood
     and agreed that Company shall mean the insurance companies owned directly
     or indirectly by CNA Financial Corporation which are affiliated with,
     controlled by or under common management of CNA, with the exception of the
     life insurance companies, CNA Re Management Company Limited, and RVI
     Guarantee Company Limited and their respective subsidiaries.

B.   The term "Extra Contractual Obligations" as used in this Agreement shall
     mean those liabilities not covered under any other provision of this
     Agreement and which arise from the handling of any claim on business
     covered hereunder, such liabilities arising because of, but not limited to,
     the following: failure by the Company to settle within the Policy limit, or
     by reason of alleged or actual negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting
     an offer of settlement or in preparation of the defense or in the trial of
     any action against its insured or reinsured or in the preparation or
     prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such action.

C.   The term(s) "Loss" and "Losses" as used in this Agreement shall mean that
     amount incurred by the Company in respect of any settlements, awards, or
     judgments (including interest where classified as loss) incurred in
     connection with any Policy reinsured hereunder after deduction for all
     recoveries, salvages, subrogations and other reinsurances, whether said
     reinsurances are recovered or not. The Reinsurer and Company agree that the
     convention to be followed when determining when a loss is incurred is that
     the date of notice of the actual event of loss or default will be the date
     the loss is incurred, except that when the date of notice of the actual
     event of loss or default occurs after the expiration of a Policy then the
     date immediately preceding the date the Policy expires will be deemed to be
     the date the loss is incurred.

D.   The term "Loss Expenses" as used in this Agreement shall mean all expenses
     incurred by the Company in the investigation, appraisal, adjustment,
     litigation and/or defense of claims under the business reinsured hereunder,
     including court costs, interest accrued prior to final judgment if included
     as expense on reinsured Policies, interest accrued after final judgment,
     but excluding internal office expenses, salaries, per diem, and other
     remuneration of regular Company employees unless diverted from their normal
     duties to handle such Loss.

E.   The term "Net Premiums Written" as used in this Agreement shall mean the
     gross written premiums on Policies written, renewed or assumed during the
     term of this Agreement on business the subject of this Agreement, less
     cancellation and return premiums and less premiums ceded on all other
     reinsurance which inures to the benefit of this Agreement on business the
     subject of this Agreement.



<PAGE>



F.   The term "Net Liability" as used in this Agreement shall mean the remaining
     portion of the Company's gross liability on each Policy reinsured under
     this Agreement after deduction of all reinsurance which inures to the
     benefit of this Agreement.

G.   The term(s) "Policy" and "Policies" as used in this Agreement shall mean
     the Company's binders, riders, policies, endorsements, bonds and contracts
     providing insurance and reinsurance on the Surety Business covered under
     this Agreement.

H.   The term "Surety Business" as used in this Agreement means the issuance,
     writing or underwriting of policies or licenses with respect to the
     following: (i) bonds required by statutes or ordinances guaranteeing the
     payment of certain taxes and fees and providing consumer protection as a
     condition to granting licenses to engage in various trades or professions,
     (ii) bonds required by statutes, courts or legal documents for the
     protection of those on whose behalf a fiduciary acts, (iii) bonds required
     by statutes or ordinances to guarantee the lawful and faithful performance
     of the duties of office by public officials, (iv) bonds required by
     statutes to protect against improper actions by notaries public, and (v)
     bonds which secure the payment and/or performance of an obligation under a
     written contract; but it shall not include, without limitation, financial
     guaranty bonds and the issuance, writing or underwriting of bonds and
     licenses which cover Losses arising from employee dishonesty.

ARTICLE 6 - PREMIUM

As outlined in the Reports and Remittances Article the Company shall pay to the
Reinsurer 100% of the Company's Net Premiums Written on its Net Liability on the
business covered hereunder, less the ceding commission.

ARTICLE 7 - CEDING COMMISSION

The Reinsurer agrees to allow the Company a commission allowance per calendar
quarter of (a) $50,000 plus (b) 28% of Net Premiums Written ceded under this
Agreement. Return commission shall be allowed on return premiums at the same
rate.

Such commission allowance shall be the sole provision for all commissions,
brokerages, dividends, taxes, board, exchange or bureau assessments, and for all
other expenses of whatever nature, excepting loss expenses.

ARTICLE 8 - LOSS SETTLEMENTS & NOTICES

The Company or its designated representative shall adjust, settle, or compromise
all losses hereunder. All such adjustments, settlements, and compromises,
including ex-gratia payments, shall be paid by the Company or its designated
representative, and the Reinsurer shall benefit from all salvage and
subrogation. All salvages, recoveries or payments recovered or received
subsequent to loss settlement hereunder shall be applied as if recovered or
received prior to the aforesaid settlement and all necessary adjustments shall
be made by the parties hereto.

When so requested, the Company or its designated representative shall afford the
Reinsurer an opportunity to be associated with the Company or its designated
representatives, at the expense of the Reinsurer, in the defense or control of
any claim or suit or proceeding involving this reinsurance and the Company or
its designated representative and the Reinsurer shall cooperate in every
respect.



<PAGE>



When so requested, the Company or its designated representative shall afford the
Reinsurer an opportunity to be associated with the Company or its designated
representatives, at the expense of the Reinsurer, in the defense or control of
any claim or suit or proceeding involving this reinsurance and the Company or
its designated representative and the Reinsurer shall cooperate in every respect
in the defense of such suit or claim or proceeding.

The Reinsurer shall be liable for its proportionate share of all Losses covered
under this Agreement. The Company or its designated representative shall advise
the Reinsurer of all Losses that may result in a claim under this Agreement and
of all subsequent developments which may materially affect the position of the
Reinsurer. Any Loss settlement made by the Company, whether under strict Policy
conditions or by way of compromise, shall be unconditionally binding upon the
Reinsurer in proportion to its participation.

In addition, the Reinsurer shall also be liable for its proportionate share of
all Loss Expenses as respects Losses covered under this Agreement. However, in
the event a verdict or judgment is reduced by an appeal or a settlement,
subsequent to the entry of the judgment, resulting in an ultimate saving on such
verdict or judgment, or a judgment is reversed outright, the expense incurred in
securing such final reduction or reversal will be prorated between the Reinsurer
and the Company in the proportion that each benefits from such reduction or
reversal, and the expenses incurred up to the time of the original verdict or
judgment will be pro rated in proportion to each party's interest in such
verdict.

In addition, the Reinsurer shall also be liable for its proportionate share of
all legal expenses and other costs incurred in connection with coverage
questions and legal actions connected thereto arising under the business covered
by this Agreement. The Reinsurer's proportionate share of these costs and
expenses shall be the same as the Reinsurer's percentage of participation in
this Agreement.

Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as meaning that Losses are not
recoverable hereunder until the actual Loss of the Company has been ascertained.

ARTICLE 9 - EXCESS OF ORIGINAL POLICY LIMITS

This Agreement shall protect the Company as provided in Article 1 - Business
Covered in connection with Loss in excess of the limit of the original Policy,
such Loss in excess of the limit having been incurred because of failure by the
Company to settle within the Policy limit or by reason of alleged or actual
negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting an offer of settlement or in the
preparation of the defense or in the, trial of any action against its insured or
reinsured or in the preparation of prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such
action.

However, this Article shall not apply where the Loss has been incurred due to
fraud by a member of the Board of Directors or a corporate officer of the
Company acting individually or collectively or in collusion with any individual
or corporation or any other organization or party involved in the presentation,
defense or settlement of any claim covered hereunder.

For the purpose of this Article, the word "Loss" shall mean any amounts for
which the Company would have been contractually liable to pay had it not been
for the limit of the original Policy. The date on which any Excess of Original
Policy Limit Loss is incurred by the Company shall be deemed, in all
circumstances, to be the date of the original Loss.


ARTICLE 10 - EXTRA CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS



<PAGE>



This Agreement shall protect the Company as provided in Article 1 - Business
Covered where the Loss includes any Extra Contractual Obligations.

The date on which any Extra Contractual Obligation Loss is incurred by the
Company shall be deemed, in all circumstances, to be the date of the original
Loss.

However, this Article shall not apply where the Loss has been incurred due to
fraud by a member of the Board of Directors or a corporate officer of the
Company acting individually or collectively or in collusion with any individual
or corporation or any other organization or party involved in the presentation,
defense or settlement of any Loss covered hereunder.


ARTICLE 11 - REPORTS AND REMITTANCES

A.   Within 30 calendar days following the end of each calendar quarter, the
     Company or its representatives shall report to the Reinsurer:

     1.   Net Premium Written accounted for during the quarter;

     2.   The ceding commission applicable to the above as provided for in this
          Agreement;

     3.   Losses and Loss Expenses paid during the quarter, less inuring
          reinsurance;

     4.   Subrogation, salvage, or other recoveries credited during the quarter;

     5.   Outstanding loss reserves.

     The positive balance of (1) less (2) less (3) plus (4) shall be remitted by
     the Company to the Reinsurer within 15 calendar days after the date of such
     report. Any balance shown to be due the Company shall be remitted by the
     Reinsurer within 15 calendar days after receipt of such report.

B.   Annually the Company or its representatives shall furnish the Reinsurer
     with such information as the Reinsurer may require to complete its Annual
     Convention Statement.

C.   The Reinsurer shall maintain the required reserves as to the Reinsurer's
     portion of claims and Losses hereunder.


ARTICLE 12 - OFFSET

The Company or the Reinsurer shall have the right to offset any balance or
amounts due from one party to the other under the terms of this Agreement. The
party asserting the right of offset may exercise such right any time whether the
balances due are on account of premiums or Losses. In the instance of insolvency
of the Company, applicable state law will apply.

ARTICLE 13 - CURRENCY

Whenever the word "Dollars" or the "$" sign appears in this Agreement, they
shall be construed to mean United States Dollars and all transactions under this
Agreement shall be in United States Dollars.

Amounts paid or received by the Company in any other currency shall be converted
to United States Dollars at the rate of exchange at the date such transaction is
entered on the books of the Company.

ARTICLE 14 - ACCESS TO RECORDS



<PAGE>



The Company shall allow the Reinsurer to inspect, at reasonable times, the
records of the Company relevant to the business reinsured under this Agreement,
including but not limited to Company files concerning premium, underwriting,
claims, Losses or legal proceedings which involve or may involve the Reinsurer
and the Reinsurer may make copies of any records pertaining thereto, at its own
cost. This right of inspection, audit and information shall survive termination
of this Agreement and shall run to the natural expiry of all liabilities under
the Policies reinsured.

ARTICLE 15 - ERRORS AND OMISSIONS

Any inadvertent delay, omission or error shall not be held to relieve either
party hereto from any liability which would attach to it hereunder if such
delay, omission, or error had not been made, provided such omission or error is
rectified as soon as possible after discovery.

ARTICLE 16 - TAXES

The Company shall be liable for all premium taxes on business covered hereunder.
If the Reinsurer is obligated to pay any premium taxes on this business, then
the Company shall reimburse the Reinsurer, however, the Company shall not be
required to pay taxes twice on the same premium.

ARTICLE 17 - INSOLVENCY

This reinsurance shall be payable by the Reinsurer and the basis of the
liability of the Company under Policy or Policies reinsured without diminution,
because of the insolvency of the Company, to the Company or its liquidator,
receiver, or statutory successor.

In the event of insolvency of the Company, the liquidator or receiver or
statutory successor of the Company shall give written notice to the Reinsurer of
the pendency of a claim filed against the Company on the Policy or Policies
reinsured within a reasonable time after such claim is filed in the insolvency
proceeding. During the pendency of such claim the Reinsurer may investigate such
claim and interpose, at its own expense, in the proceeding where such claim is
to be adjudicated, any defense or defenses which it may deem available to the
Company or its liquidator or receiver or statutory successor. The expenses thus
incurred by the Reinsurer shall be chargeable, subject to court approval,
against the Company as part of the expense of liquidation to the extent of a
proportionate share of the benefits, which may accrue to the Company solely as a
result of the defense so undertaken by the Reinsurer.

Should the Company go into liquidation or should a receiver be appointed, the
Reinsurer shall be entitled to deduct from any sums which may be or may become
due to the Company any sums which are due to the Reinsurer by the Company and
which are payable at a fixed or stated date under this Agreement, to the full
extent permitted under the laws of the insolvent party's state of domicile.

It is further understood and agreed that, in the event of the insolvency of the
Company, the reinsurance under this Agreement shall be payable directly by the
Reinsurer to the Company or to its liquidator, receiver or statutory successor
except a) where this Agreement specifically provides another payee or such
reinsurance in the event of the insolvency of the Company or b) where the
Reinsurer with the consent of the direct insured or insureds has assumed such
Policy obligations of the Company as direct obligations of the Reinsurer to the
payees under such Policies and in substitution for the obligations of the
Company to such payees.

In no event shall anyone other than the parties to this Agreement or, in the
event of the Company's insolvency, its liquidator, receiver, or statutory
successor, have any rights under this Agreement.



<PAGE>



ARTICLE 18 - AMENDMENTS

This Agreement may be altered or mended in any of its terms and conditions by
written mutual consent of the Company and the Reinsurer. Such written mutual
consent will then constitute a part of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 19 - ARBITRATION

As a condition precedent to any right of action hereunder, any dispute arising
out of the interpretation, performance or breach of this Agreement, including
the formation or validity thereof, shall be submitted for decision to a panel of
three arbitrators. Notice requesting arbitration will be in writing and sent
certified mail, return receipt requested.

One arbitrator shall be chosen by each party and the two arbitrators shall,
before instituting the hearing, choose an impartial third arbitrator who shall
preside at the hearing. If either party fails to appoint its arbitrator with
thirty (30) days after being requested to do so by the other party, the latter,
after ten (10) days notice by certified mail of its intention to do so, may
appoint the second arbitrator.

If the two arbitrators are unable to agree upon the third arbitrator within
thirty (30) days of their appointment each of them shall name two, of whom the
other shall decline one and the decision shall be made by drawing lots. All
arbitrators shall be disinterested active or former executive officers of
insurance or reinsurance companies or Underwriters at Lloyd's London, not under
the control of either party to this Agreement.

Within thirty (30) days after notice of appointment of all arbitrators, the
panel shall meet and determine timely periods for briefs, discovery procedures
and schedules for hearings. The panel shall be relieved of all judicial
formality and shall not be bound by the strict rules of procedure and evidence.
Arbitration shall take place in Chicago, Illinois. Insofar as the arbitration
panel looks to substantive law, it shall consider the law of the State of
Illinois. The decision of any two arbitrators when rendered in writing shall be
final and binding. The panel is empowered to grant interim relief as it may deem
appropriate.

The panel shall make its decision considering the custom and practice of the
applicable insurance and reinsurance business as promptly as possible following
the termination of the hearings. Judgment upon the award may be entered in any
court having jurisdiction thereof.

Each party shall bear the expense of its own arbitrator and shall jointly and
equally bear with the other party the expense of the third arbitrator and of the
arbitration. The panel is prohibited from awarding punitive, exemplary or treble
damages, of whatever nature, in connection with any arbitration proceeding
concerning this Agreement.

ARTICLE 20 - CHOICE OF LAW

This Agreement, including all matters relating to formation, validity and
performance thereof, shall be interpreted in accordance with the law of the
State of Illinois.

ARTICLE 21 - NOTICES

Any notice relating to this Contract shall be in writing and shall be
sufficiently given if delivered by certified mail to the Company at the
following address:



<PAGE>



         Continental Casualty Company
         CNA Plaza
         Attn:  The Chief Financial Officer
         Chicago, IL  60685

and to the Reinsurer at the following address:

         Western Surety Company
         Attn:  Chief Executive Officer
         Sioux Falls, South Dakota  57117-5077

ARTICLE 22 - ENTIRE CONTRACT

This Agreement, and that certain Services and Indemnity Agreement between the
parties dated October 1, 2002, represent the entire agreement and understanding
among the parties. No other oral or written agreements or contracts relating to
the risks reinsured hereunder currently exist and/or are contemplated between
the parties.

ARTICLE 23 - FUNDING OF RESERVES

(This Article is only applicable if the Reinsurer cannot qualify for credit by
each governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Company's reserves.)

As regards Policies issued by the Company coming within the scope of this
Agreement, the Company agrees that, when it files with the Insurance Department
or sets up on its books reserves for losses (including Loss and Loss Expense
paid by the Company but not recovered from the Reinsurer, Loss and Loss Expense
reported and outstanding, and an allowance for Incurred But Not Reported Losses
and Loss Expenses as determined by the Company) covered hereunder and/or
unearned premium, which it is required by law to set up, it shall forward to the
Reinsurer a statement showing the proportion of such reserves applicable to it.
The Reinsurer hereby agrees that it shall apply for and secure delivery to the
Company of a clean, irrevocable, unconditional Letter of Credit, dated on or
before December 31 of the year in which the request is made, issued by a member
of the Federal Reserve System or any bank approved for use by the NAIC
Securities Valuation Office, and containing provisions acceptable to the
insurance regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over the Company's reserves
in an amount equal to the Reinsurer's proportion of reserves as shown in the
statement prepared by the Company.

The Letter of Credit shall be issued for a period of not less than one year, and
shall be automatically extended for one year from its date of expiration or any
future expiration date unless 30 days prior to any expiration date the issuing
bank notifies the Company by registered mail that the issuing bank elects not to
consider the Letter of Credit extended for any additional period. An issuing
bank, not a member of the Federal Reserve System or not chartered in the state
of domicile of the Company, shall provide 60 days notice to the Company prior to
any expiration in the event of nonextension.

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, the Company or its
court-appointed successor in interest may draw upon such credit at any time
without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or of any Reinsurer
for one or more of the following purposes only:

A.   To reimburse the Company for the Reinsurer's share of unearned premium on
     Policies reinsured hereunder on account of cancellations of such policies.

B.   To pay the Reinsurer's share or to reimburse the Company for the
     Reinsurer's share of any Loss reinsured by this Agreement, which has not
     been otherwise paid.



<PAGE>



C.   To make refund of any sum in excess of the actual amount required to pay
     the Reinsurer's share of any liability reinsured by this Agreement.

D.   In the event of nonextension of Letters of Credit as provided for above, to
     establish deposits of the Reinsurer's share of reserves for losses and/or
     unearned premium under this Agreement.

E.   To pay any other amounts the Company claims are due under this Agreement.

The issuing bank shall have no responsibility whatsoever in connection with the
propriety of withdrawals made by the Company or the disposition of funds
withdrawn, except to ensure that withdrawals are made only upon the order of
properly authorized representatives of the Company.

At annual intervals, or more frequently as agreed but never more frequently than
semi-annually, the Company shall prepare, for the sole purpose of amending the
Letter of Credit, a specific statement of the Reinsurer's share of loss and/or
unearned premium reserves. If the statement shows that the Reinsurer's share of
such reserves exceeds the balance of credit as of the statement date, then the
Reinsurer shall, within 30 days after receipt of notice of such excess, secure
delivery to the Company of an amendment of such difference. If, however, the
statement shows that the Reinsurer's share of such reserves is less than the
balance of credit as of the statement date, the Company shall, within 30 days
after receipt of written request from the Reinsurer, release such excess credit
by agreeing to secure an amendment to the Letter of Credit, reducing the amount
of credit available by the amount of such excess credit.

The Reinsurer shall be responsible for any and all costs, fees and charges as
respects establishing and maintaining a Letter of Credit under the provisions of
this Article.


ARTICLE 24 - SERVICE OF SUIT

(This Article applies only if the Reinsurer is domiciled outside the United
States of America and/or unauthorized in any state, territory, or district of
the United States of America that has jurisdiction over the Company and in which
a subject suit has been instituted. This Article is not intended to conflict
with or override the parties' obligation to arbitrate their disputes in
accordance with the Arbitration Article.)

In the event of the failure of any Reinsurer hereon to pay any amount claimed to
be due hereunder, such Reinsurer, at the request of the Company, shall submit to
the jurisdiction of a court of competent jurisdiction within the United States
and shall comply with all requirements necessary to give that court
jurisdiction. Nothing in this Article constitutes or should be understood to
constitute a waiver of the Reinsurer's rights to commence an action in any court
of competent jurisdiction in the United States, to remove an action to a United
States District Court, or to seek a transfer of a case to another court as
permitted by the laws of the United States or of any state in the United States.
Service of process in such suit may be made upon Mendes and Mount, 750 Seventh
Avenue, New York, New York 10019-6829. In any suit instituted against it upon
this Agreement, the Reinsurer shall abide by the final decision of such court or
of any appellate court in the event of any appeal.

The above-named are authorized and directed to accept service of process on
behalf of the Reinsurer in any such suit and/or upon the request of Company to
give a written undertaking to the Company that they shall enter a general
appearance upon the Reinsurer's behalf in the event such a suit shall be
instituted.

Further, pursuant to any statute of any state, territory or district of the
United States which makes provision therefor, the Reinsurer hereon hereby
designates the Superintendent, Commissioner or Director



<PAGE>



of Insurance or other officer specified for that purpose in the statute, or the
successor or successors in office, as its true and lawful attorney upon whom may
be served any lawful process in any action, suit or proceeding instituted by or
on behalf of the Company or any beneficiary hereunder, arising out of this
Agreement, and hereby designates the above-named as the person to whom the said
officer is authorized to mail such process or a true copy thereof.


ARTICLE 25 - SEVERABILITY

If any law or regulation of any Federal, State or Local Government of the United
States of America, or the ruling officials having supervision over insurance
companies, should render illegal this Agreement, or any portion thereof, as to
risks or properties located in the jurisdiction of such authority, either the
Company or the Reinsurer may upon written notice to the other suspend, abrogate,
or amend this Agreement insofar as it relates to risks or properties located
within such jurisdiction to such extent as may be necessary to comply with such
law, regulations, or ruling.

Such illegality, suspension, abrogation, or amendment of a portion of this
Agreement shall in no way affect any other portion thereof.



<PAGE>



ARTICLE 26 - HONORABLE UNDERTAKING

The purposes of this Agreement are not to be defeated by narrow or technical
legal interpretations of its provisions. The Agreement shall be construed as an
honorable undertaking and should be interpreted for the purpose of giving effect
to the real intentions of the parties hereto.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties acknowledge that no intermediary is involved in
or brought about this transaction and the parties hereto, by their authorized
representatives, have executed this Agreement:

On this                        day of                                2002


CONTINENTAL CASUALTY COMPANY


By:
   --------------------------------------------


Title:
      -----------------------------------------


Attested by:
            -----------------------------------



And on this                    day of                                2002



WESTERN SURETY COMPANY

By:
   ---------------------------------------------


Title:
     -------------------------------------------


Attested by:
           -------------------------------------




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
