<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.21
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>c71296exv10w21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 1 AND WAIVER TO CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.21


                           AMENDMENT NO. 1 AND WAIVER
                          Dated as of December 12, 2001

                                       to

                                CREDIT AGREEMENT
                            Dated as of May 24, 2000



     REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED, as Borrower, the BANKS party
hereto and THE BANK OF NEW YORK, as Administrative Agent, agree as follows:

     1. Credit Agreement. Reference is made to the Credit Agreement, dated as
of May 24, 2000 among Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated, as Borrower,
The Bank of New York, as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as
Syndication Agent, Fleet National Bank, as Documentation Agent, and Royal Bank
of Canada, as Co-Agent (as amended prior to the date hereof, the "Credit
Agreement"). Terms used but not defined in this Amendment (this Amendment") are
used herein with the meaning ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement.

     2. Amendments. On and after the Effective Date (as defined below), the
Credit Agreement shall be amended as follows:

     (a) Section 4.19 to the Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in
its entirety to read as follows:

          "Issue any of its Capital Securities or sell, transfer or otherwise
          dispose of any Capital Securities of any Subsidiary, except that this
          Section 4.19 shall not apply to (a) any issuance by the Borrower of
          any of its Capital Securities, (b) any issuance by a Subsidiary of any
          of its Capital Securities to the Borrower or a Wholly Owned
          Subsidiary, (c) any issuance by a Subsidiary of any of its Capital
          Securities to the holders of the common stock of such Subsidiary made
          pro rata to the relative amounts of such common stock held by such
          holders, (d) any disposition by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any
          Capital Securities of a Subsidiary to the Borrower or a Wholly Owned
          Subsidiary, (e) any issuance by a Subsidiary that is not a Material
          Subsidiary of less than 50% of its Capital Securities, and (f) any
          issuance by an RGA Trust of Trust Preferred Securities."

     (b) The following new definitions shall be added in the correct
alphabetical order to Section 10.01 of the Credit Agreement:

     (i)  "Amendment No. 1 and Waiver" means this Amendment No. 1 and Waiver
          dated as of December 12, 2001 to the Credit Agreement dated as of May
          24, 2000, among Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated, as
          Borrower, The Bank of New York, as Administrative Agent, Bank of


<PAGE>

          America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, Fleet National Bank, as
          Documentation Agent, and Royal Bank of Canada, as Co-Agent.

     (ii) "RGA Trust" means either of RGA Capital Trust I or RGA Capital Trust
          II, in each case a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower formed
          solely for the purpose of issuing Trust Preferred Securities.

    (iii) "TPS Exclusion Amount" means, on the date of determination, an
          amount equal to 15% of the sum of (i) the accreted value of the Trust
          Preferred Securities outstanding on such date, (ii) Consolidated
          Indebtedness as of such date (excluding, to the extent otherwise
          included, the Trust Preferred Securities) and (iii) the Consolidated
          Net Worth as of such date (excluding, to the extent otherwise
          included, the Trust Preferred Securities).

     (iv) "Trust Guaranty" means the guarantee issued by the Borrower in
          connection with the Trust Preferred Securities Transaction
          substantially as described on Annex A hereto.

     (v)  "Trust Preferred Securities" means the Trust Preferred Securities
          referred to and substantially as described in Annex A to this
          Amendment No. 1 and Waiver.

     (vi) "Trust Preferred Securities Documentation" means the agreements,
          instruments and other documents pursuant to which the RGA Trust is
          established and funded and the Trust Preferred Securities are issued,
          in each case substantially in the form and substance as described in
          Annex A to Amendment No. 1 and Waiver, as reasonably determined by the
          Administrative Agent, as such documentation may be waived, amended or
          otherwise modified from time to time with the consent of the
          Administrative Agent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

    (vii) "Trust Preferred Securities Transaction" means the transactions
          leading to the issuance of the Trust Preferred Securities, including
          the formation of the Trust, the issuance of the Trust Guaranty and the
          issuance of the Trust Preferred Securities.

     (c) The following definitions in Section 10.10 of the Credit Agreement
shall be amended and restated in their entirety to read as follows:

          "Permitted Guaranty" means any Guaranty that (a) is an endorsement of
          a check for collection in the ordinary course of business, (b) is a
          Guaranty of and only of the obligations of the Borrower under the
          Loan Documents, (c) constitutes Indebtedness for purposes of
          calculating the covenant in Section 4.21, (d) is a Trust Guaranty or
          (e) is a Guaranty, not otherwise specifically covered in this
          definition, of Liabilities of a Subsidiary in an aggregate amount at
          any time outstanding not exceeding $15,000,000.


                                       2

<PAGE>
          "Permitted Restrictive Covenant" means (a) any covenant or restriction
          contained in any Loan Document, (b) any covenant or restriction
          binding upon any Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary
          of the Borrower if the same is not created in contemplation thereof,
          (c) any covenant or restriction of the type contained in Section 4.11
          that is contained in any Contract evidencing or providing for the
          creation of or concerning Purchase Money Indebtedness so long as such
          covenant or restriction is limited to the property purchased
          therewith, (d) any covenant or restriction described in Schedule 4.18,
          but only to the extent such covenant or restriction is there
          identified by specific reference to the provision of the Contract in
          which such covenant or restriction is contained, (e) any covenant or
          restriction requiring the approval of the Applicable Insurance
          Regulatory Authority prior to the making of payments by RGA Re under
          (i) the 7.35% surplus note dated December 15, 1997 made by RGA Re or
          (ii) the 7.08% surplus note dated December 11, 1998 made by RGA Re,
          (f) any covenant or restriction of the type contained in Section 4.11
          that is contained in (i) the documents governing the senior notes
          issued by the Borrower on or about March 22, 1996, or (ii) the
          indenture governing the senior notes issued by the Borrower on or
          about December 18, 2001, in each case to the extent such covenant or
          restriction limits the ability of any Subsidiary to create any Lien on
          the Capital Securities of any other Subsidiary held by such
          Subsidiary, or (g) any covenant or restriction that (i) is not more
          burdensome than an existing Permitted Restrictive Covenant that is
          such by virtue of clause (b), (c), (d), (e) or (g), (ii) is contained
          in a Contract constituting a renewal, extension or replacement of the
          Contract in which such existing Permitted Restrictive Covenant is
          contained and (iii) is binding only on the Person or Persons bound by
          such existing Permitted Restrictive Covenant.

     (d) The definition of "Consolidated Indebtedness" shall be amended and
restated in its entirety to read as follows:

          "Consolidated Indebtedness" means, at any time, the consolidated
          Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Consolidated Subsidiaries as of
          such time; provided, however, for purposes of calculating the covenant
          contained in Section 4.21, Consolidated Indebtedness shall not include
          (i) the obligation of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is an
          Insurance Company under letters of credit, to the extent undrawn,
          supporting the liability of such Subsidiary in respect of any
          reinsurance underwritten by such Subsidiary and (ii) the aggregate
          outstanding Indebtedness evidenced by the Trust Preferred Securities
          to the extent the accreted value of such Indebtedness does not exceed
          the TPS Exclusion Amount.

     (e) The definition of "Consolidated Net Worth" shall be amended and
restated in its entirety to read as follows:


                                       3
<PAGE>
          "Consolidated Net Worth" means, at any time, without duplication, the
          consolidated stockholders' equity of the Borrower and the
          Consolidated Subsidiaries (without giving effect to any adjustment
          made pursuant to FASB 115 to the extent less than $50,000,000) less
          their consolidated Mandatorily Redeemable Stock (except to the extent
          deducted in determining such consolidated stockholders' equity) plus
          the aggregate outstanding amount of Trust Preferred Securities not in
          excess of the TPS Exclusion Amount, in each case, as of such time.

     3. Waiver. The Administrative Agent and the Banks party hereto hereby
waive:

         (a) any non-compliance by the Borrower with the provisions of Section
4.18 of the Credit Agreement prior to the date hereof to the extent the Borrower
would have otherwise been in compliance with Section 4.18 of the Credit
Agreement, as amended by this Amendment No. 1 and Waiver, at such time.

         (b) any Default or Event of Default that may exist under Section
6.01(c)(i) of the Credit Agreement solely as a result of any non-compliance by
the Borrower described in the preceding clause (a).

     4. Continuing Effect of Credit Agreement. The provisions of the Credit
Agreement are and shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby in all
respects confirmed, approved and ratified.

     5. Representations and Warranties. In order to induce the Administrative
Agent and the Banks to agree to this Amendment, the Borrower hereby represents
and warrants as follows:

     Each representation and warranty made by the Borrower in any Loan Document
is, both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, true and correct at
and as of the Effective Date, and, both before and after giving effect to this
Amendment, no Default or Event of Default is continuing at and as of the
Effective Date.

     6. Conditions to Effectiveness. This Amendment shall be effective as of the
date first written above, but shall not become effective as of such date until
the date (the "Effective Date") that each of the following conditions shall have
been satisfied in the sole determination of the Administrative Agent:

         (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following,
in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent:

               (i) this Amendment duly executed by the Borrower, the
          Administrative Agent and the Required Banks; and

               (ii) such other information, documents or materials as the
          Administrative Agent may have requested pursuant to the Loan
          Documents; and

         (b) the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and expenses
payable pursuant to the Loan Documents and this Amendment including the fees and
disbursements of


                                       4
<PAGE>
legal counsel retained by the Agent (if an invoice for such fees and
disbursements of such counsel has been delivered to the Borrower).

     7. Governing Law. This Amendment shall, pursuant to New York General
Obligations Law 5-1401, be construed in accordance with and governed by the
laws of the State of New York.

     8. Counterparts. This Amendment may be signed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if
the  signatures thereon were upon the same instrument.

     9. Headings. Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for
convenience and reference only and shall not constitute a part of this
Amendment for any other purpose.


                                       5
<PAGE>
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment No. 1 and
Waiver to be executed by their duly authorized officers all as of the date first
above written.


                                        REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA,
                                        INCORPORATED, as Borrower



                                        By:  /s/ Todd Larson
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Name: Todd Larson
                                            Title: Senior Vice President



                                        THE BANK OF NEW YORK, as Administrative
                                        Agent and as a Bank



                                        By:
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Name:
                                            Title:



                                        BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
                                        as a Bank



                                        By:
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Name:
                                            Title:



                                        FLEET NATIONAL BANK
                                        as a Bank



                                        By:
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Name:
                                            Title:



                                        ROYAL BANK OF CANADA
                                        as a Bank



                                        By:
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Name:
                                            Title:




                          [Amendment No. 1 and Waiver]
<PAGE>
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment No. 1 and
Waiver to be executed by their duly authorized officers all as of the date first
above witten.


                                        REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA,
                                        INCORPORATED, as Borrower



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:



                                        THE BANK OF NEW YORK, as Administrative
                                        Agent and as a Bank



                                        By: /s/ Benjamin L. Balkind
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:  Benjamin L. Balkind
                                           Title: Vice President



                                        BANK OF AMERICA,N.A.
                                        as a Bank



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:



                                        FLEET NATIONAL BANK
                                        as a Bank



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:


                                        ROYAL, BANK OF CANADA
                                        as a Bank



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:




                          [Amendment No. 1 and Waiver]
<PAGE>
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment No. 1 and
Waiver to be executed by their duly authorized officers all as of the date first
above witten.




                                        REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA,
                                        INCORPORATED, as Borrower



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:



                                        THE BANK OF NEW YORK, as Administrative
                                        Agent and as a Bank



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:



                                        BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
                                        as a Bank



                                        By: /s/ Jim V. Miller
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:  Jim V. Miller
                                           Title: Managing Director



                                        FLEET NATIONAL BANK
                                        as a Bank



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:



                                        ROYAL BANK OF CANADA
                                        as a Bank



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:



                          [Amendment No. 1 and Waiver]
<PAGE>
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this amendment No. 1 and
Waiver to be executed by their duly authorized officers all as of the date first
above witten.



                                        REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA,
                                        INCORPORATED, as Borrower



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:


                                        THE BANK OF NEW YORK, as Administrative
                                        Agent and as a Bank



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:


                                        BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
                                        as a Bank



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:



                                        FLEET NATIONAL BANK
                                        as a Bank



                                        By: /s/ David A. Bosselait
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:  David A. Bosselait
                                           Title: Director



                                        ROYAL BANK OF CANADA
                                        as a Bank



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:



                          [Amendment No. 1 and Waiver]

<PAGE>
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment No. 1 and
Waiver to be executed by their duly authorized officers all as of the date first
above witten.



                                        REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA,
                                        INCORPORATED, as Borrower



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:



                                        THE BANK OF NEW YORK, as Administrative
                                        Agent and as a Bank



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:



                                        BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
                                        as a Bank



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:


                                        FLEET NATIONAL BANK
                                        as a Bank



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:



                                        ROYAL BANK OF CANADA
                                        as a Bank



                                        By: /s/ Alexander Birr
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name: Alexander Birr
                                           Title: Senior Manager



                          [Amendment No. 1 and Waiver]



<PAGE>
                                                                         ANNEX A
<PAGE>
                                  THE OFFERING

SECURITIES OFFERED.......        units, or up to       units if the underwriters
                           exercise their option to purchase additional units,
                           consisting of:

                           o    a preferred security having a stated
                                liquidation amount of $50; and

                           o    a warrant to purchase at any time prior to
                                       , 2050, shares, unless earlier redeemed,
                                subject to antidilution adjustments, of our
                                common stock.

                           The preferred securities represent an undivided
                           beneficial ownership interest in the assets of the
                           Trust, which will consist solely of the junior
                           subordinated debentures issued by us. Each debenture
                           will have a principal amount at maturity of $50. To
                           exercise a warrant, a holder must tender the warrant
                           together with its exercise price as described below
                           under "-- Warrant Exercise Price."

                           At any time after the issuance of the units, the
                           preferred security and the warrant components of each
                           unit may be separated by the holder and transferred
                           separately. Thereafter, a separated warrant and
                           preferred security may be recombined to form a unit.

PRICE....................  $50 per unit.

MATURITY OF DEBENTURES...            , 2050.

EXPIRATION OF WARRANTS...            , 2050.

DISTRIBUTION DATES.......           ,          , and           of each year,
                           beginning on         , 2002. Distribution on the
                           preferred securities will be made only to the extent
                           that we make corresponding interest payments on the
                           debentures.

DISTRIBUTION RATE........     % per year on the stated liquidation amount of
                           the preferred securities, subject to reset upon a
                           remarketing to the reset rate on the accreted value
                           as of the end of the day next preceding the
                           remarketing settlement date. The distribution rate on
                           the preferred securities will correspond to the
                           interest rate on the debentures.

ACCRETED VALUE...........  The "accreted value" of a preferred security is
                           equal to the accreted value of a debenture, which is
                           equal to the sum of the initial purchase price of the
                           preferred security component of each unit
                           (or $       ) plus accrual of discount (that is, the
                           difference between the principal amount of $50
                           payable in respect of a debenture on         2050 and
                           its initial purchase price) calculated from         ,
                           2001 to the date of calculation at the all-in yield
                           rate of    % per annum through         , 2050 minus
                           accrual of interest on the principal amount of the
                           debentures (or $50) at the rate of    % in each case,
                           on a quarterly bond equivalent yield basis using a
                           360-day year of twelve 30-day months until that sum
                           equals $50 on           2050.



                                      S-6

<PAGE>



DEFERRAL OF PAYMENTS.....  So long as we are not in default in the payment of
                           interest on the debentures and so long as a failed
                           remarketing has not occurred, we will have the right,
                           at any time, and from time to time during the term of
                           the debentures, to defer payments of interest by
                           extending the interest payment period for a period
                           not exceeding 20 consecutive quarters or extending
                           beyond the stated maturity of the debentures (the
                           "extension period"), during which extension period no
                           interest will be due and payable. Prior to the
                           termination of any such extension period, we may
                           further extend such extension period; provided that
                           such extension period, together with all such
                           previous and further extensions, may not exceed 20
                           consecutive quarters or extend beyond the stated
                           maturity of the debentures. During any extension
                           period, we will agree not to make certain restricted
                           payments.

WARRANT EXERCISE PRICE...  The warrant exercise price will be $50, unless RGA
                           chooses to redeem the warrants as described below,
                           in which case the exercise price of the warrants
                           instead of redemption will be an amount initially
                           equal to $     , which price will accrete on a daily
                           basis as described in this prospectus supplement to
                           a maximum of $50, on the expiration date. In such
                           circumstances, the warrant exercise price will
                           accrete on a daily basis such that on any given date
                           of calculation it will be equal to $         plus
                           accretion, calculated from         , 2001 to the
                           date of calculation, at the all-in yield of      %
                           per annum through         , 2050 minus accrual of an
                           amount equal to $50 multiplied by         %, in each
                           case, on a quarterly bond equivalent basis using a
                           360-day year of twelve 30-day months. In connection
                           with an exercise of the warrants instead of a
                           redemption, the exercise price of the warrants will
                           be calculated as of the business day next preceding
                           the redemption date. If the warrant holder exercises
                           the warrant other than instead of a redemption, the
                           warrant exercise price will be $50.

OPTIONAL REDEMPTION OF
WARRANTS AND REMARKETING
OF PREFERRED SECURITIES..  If on any date after         , 2004, the closing
                           price of our common stock exceeds and has exceeded a
                           price per share equal to $       , subject to
                           adjustment, for at least 20 trading days (as defined
                           below) within the immediately preceding 30
                           consecutive trading days, we may at our option, elect
                           to redeem the warrants, in whole but not in part, for
                           cash [or, if specified conditions are met, our common
                           stock or a combination of cash and our common stock,]
                           equal to the warrant redemption amount, which will be
                           equal to $50 minus the exercise price of the warrant
                           as of the end of the day next preceding the
                           redemption date instead of redemption as described
                           above. In addition, as described below, we may redeem
                           the warrants if certain other events occur.

                           The warrants will be redeemed on the redemption date
                           unless a warrant holder affirmatively elects to
                           exercise its warrants. We are is not required to give
                           the holders of the warrants more than six business
                           days notice of our election to redeem the warrants.
                           Because of the abbreviated notification period, a
                           warrant holder



                                      S-7
<PAGE>
                         who intends to exercise its warrant upon an optional
                         redemption of the warrants may want to provide standing
                         instructions [to its broker or the party which holds
                         the warrant for the holder for the exercise of the
                         warrants and the delivery of shares to the warrant
                         agent] in order to allow that party to act quickly if
                         it receives a notice of redemption from us. See "Risk
                         Factors -- You may be required to elect to exercise
                         your warrants within five business days of notification
                         of an election by RGA to optionally redeem the
                         warrants" beginning on page   in this prospectus
                         supplement.


                         In connection with a redemption or upon expiration of
                         the warrants, we will also be obligated to seek a
                         remarketing of all the preferred securities at a price
                         of no less than 100% of their accreted value. If the
                         warrant holder chooses to exercise the warrant and is a
                         unit holder that has not opted out of the remarketing,
                         the proceeds from a successful contemporaneous
                         remarketing of the related preferred security will be
                         applied to satisfy in full the exercise price of the
                         warrant. The remarketing settlement date and the
                         optional redemption date will be three business days
                         after the remarketing date.


                         Also in connection with a remarketing:

                         -  the adjusted maturity of the debentures (and, as a
                            result, the redemption date of the preferred
                            securities) will become the date which is 93 days
                            following the remarketing settlement date;

                         -  the amount due at the adjusted maturity date of the
                            debentures will be the accreted value of the
                            debentures as of the end of the business day next
                            preceding the remarketing settlement date (and, as a
                            result, the amount due at the adjusted redemption
                            date of the preferred securities will be the
                            accreted value of the preferred securities as of
                            such date);

                         -  upon a remarketing of the preferred securities in
                            connection with an expiration of the warrants at
                            maturity, the preferred securities will be
                            remarketed at their stated liquidation amount; and

                         -  on the remarketing settlement date, the debentures
                            will have an interest rate on their accreted value
                            or stated liquidation amount if remarketed at
                            maturity (and, as a result, the preferred securities
                            will have a distribution rate on their accreted
                            value or stated liquidation amount if remarketed at
                            maturity) equal to the rate established in the
                            remarketing.

                         See "-- Failed Remarketing" below for a description of
                         the consequences of the failure to successfully
                         remarket the preferred securities in connection with a
                         redemption or expiration of the warrants.

REDEMPTION AND
REMARKETING UPON TAX
EVENT OR INVESTMENT
COMPANY EVENT........... If (1) certain tax events occur or (2) if there is a
                         more than an insubstantial risk that the Trust will be
                         considered an investment



                                      S-8
<PAGE>
                                   company under the Investment Company Act of
                                   1940 and certain requirements are satisfied,
                                   we may, at our option, elect to redeem the
                                   warrants at their warrant redemption amount
                                   and remarket the preferred securities.

CHANGE OF CONTROL...............   If a change of control occurs, as defined
                                   under "Description of the Warrants -- Change
                                   of Control" in this prospectus supplement,
                                   the holders of unit securities will have the
                                   right to:

                                   o    require RGA to redeem that holder's
                                        warrant on the date that is 45 days
                                        after the date RGA gives notice of the
                                        change of control event at a redemption
                                        price equal to 100% of the warrant
                                        redemption amount on the redemption date
                                        which may be paid in cash or, at our
                                        option if we satisfy specified
                                        conditions, our common stock or a
                                        combination of cash and our common
                                        stock; and

                                   o    exchange that holder's preferred
                                        security for a debenture having an
                                        accreted value equal to the accreted
                                        value of such preferred security and to
                                        require RGA to repurchase such debenture
                                        on the repurchase date at a repurchase
                                        price equal to 100% of the accreted
                                        value of the debenture on the repurchase
                                        date plus accrued and unpaid interest
                                        (including deferred interest) on the
                                        debentures to, but excluding, the
                                        repurchase date.

                                   See "Description of the Warrants -- Change of
                                   Control" and "Description of the Preferred
                                   Securities -- Change of Control" in this
                                   prospectus supplement.

REMARKETING AT EXPIRATION OF
WARRANTS........................   If not previously remarketed, the preferred
                                   securities will be remarketed on        ,
                                   2050. In addition, the warrants will expire
                                   on       , 2050, unless previously exercised.


EXERCISE OF WARRANTS............   A holder may exercise warrants at any time
                                   prior to the close of business on        ,
                                   2050 (the "expiration date"), unless earlier
                                   redeemed.

                                   The warrants will not be exercisable unless,
                                   at the time of the exercise:

                                   o    a registration statement is in
                                        effect under the Securities Act of 1933
                                        covering the issuance and sale (and
                                        resale) of the shares of common stock
                                        upon exercise of the warrants or the
                                        issuance and sale (and resale) of the
                                        shares upon exercise of the warrants is
                                        exempt from the registration
                                        requirements of the Securities Act of
                                        1933;

                                   o    the shares have been registered,
                                        qualified or are deemed to be exempt
                                        under the securities laws of the state
                                        of residence of the exercising holder of
                                        the warrants; and

                                   o    to the extent required by
                                        applicable law, a then current
                                        prospectus is delivered to the
                                        exercising holders of the warrants.



                                      S-9
<PAGE>
                                   Holders must pay the exercise price of their
                                   warrants in cash (including the automatic
                                   application of a portion of the proceeds of
                                   any remarketing of preferred securities).
                                   Accordingly, the holders of units may not
                                   tender their preferred securities directly
                                   toward payment of the exercise price of the
                                   warrants.

RIGHTS OF A UNIT HOLDER.........   Following an exercise of warrants by a unit
                                   holder other than in connection with a
                                   remarketing, the holder may require the Trust
                                   to exchange the holder's related preferred
                                   securities for debentures and require RGA to
                                   repurchase such debentures at $50 on a
                                   special distribution date which is no less
                                   than 93 days following the exercise of the
                                   warrants.

                                   If a unit holder exercises the warrant that
                                   is part of the unit in connection with an
                                   optional redemption of the warrants by RGA or
                                   expiration of the warrants, the holder will
                                   be able to satisfy in full the exercise price
                                   by applying the proceeds of a successful
                                   related remarketing of the related preferred
                                   securities. See "Description of the Preferred
                                   Securities -- Remarketing" in this prospectus
                                   supplement.

FAILED REMARKETING..............   If the remarketing agent is unable to
                                   remarket the preferred securities when
                                   required for any reason, a "failed
                                   remarketing" will have occurred. If a failed
                                   remarketing occurs:

                                   o    beginning on the third business day
                                        after such date, interest will accrue on
                                        the accreted value of the debentures,
                                        and distributions will accumulate on the
                                        accreted value of the preferred
                                        securities;

                                   o    the interest rate on the accreted
                                        value of debentures will be        % pre
                                        annum and, as a result, the distribution
                                        rate on the accreted value of the
                                        preferred securities will increase
                                        correspondingly;

                                   o    the stated maturity of the accreted
                                        value of the debentures (and, as a
                                        result, the final distribution date for
                                        the preferred securities) will become
                                        the date which is 93 days after the
                                        failed remarketing settlement date; and

                                   o    we will no longer have the option
                                        to defer interest payments on the
                                        debentures.

                                   Notwithstanding that a failed remarketing in
                                   connection with an optional redemption of the
                                   warrants may occur, the warrants would
                                   nevertheless be redeemed at the warrant
                                   redemption amount on the optional redemption
                                   date and a warrant holder who has elected to
                                   exercise its warrants will be obligated to
                                   exercise its warrants instead of such
                                   redemption by paying the exercise price in
                                   cash.

GUARANTEE.......................   The following payments or distributions with
                                   respect to the preferred securities and
                                   common securities on a pro rata basis, to
                                   the extent not paid by or on behalf of the
                                   Trust, will be guaranteed by us:

                                   o    any accumulated and unpaid
                                        distributions required to be paid on the
                                        preferred securities and common
                                        securities on a pro
<PAGE>


                           rata basis, to the extent that the Trust has
                           sufficient funds available therefor at the time;

                         - the redemption price with respect to any preferred
                           securities and common securities on a pro rata basis
                           called for redemption, to the extent that the Trust
                           has sufficient funds available therefor at such time;

                         - the repurchase of debentures, which are exchanged for
                           preferred securities if a change of control occurs,
                           at the accreted value equal to the accreted value of
                           the preferred securities, plus accrued and unpaid
                           interest on the debentures (including deferred
                           interest) to, but excluding, the repurchase date; and

                         - upon a voluntary or involuntary dissolution, winding
                           up or termination of the Trust (other than in
                           connection with the exchange of all of the preferred
                           securities for debentures and the distribution of the
                           debentures to the holders of the preferred securities
                           and common securities on a pro rata basis), the
                           lesser of

                           - the aggregate accreted value of the common and
                             preferred securities of the Trust and all
                             accumulated and unpaid distributions thereon to the
                             date of payment; and

                           - the amount of assets of the Trust remaining
                             available for distribution to the holders of
                             preferred securities and common securities on a
                             pro rata basis.


                         Our obligations under the guarantee will be
                         subordinated and junior in right of payment to all of
                         our existing and future senior indebtedness.


THE TRUST..............  The Trust is a Delaware statutory business trust. The
                         sole assets of the Trust will be the debentures. The
                         Trust will issue the preferred securities and the
                         common securities. All of the common securities will be
                         owned by us, in an aggregate liquidation amount of at
                         least 3% of the total capital of the Trust.

RANKING................  Payment of distributions on, and the redemption price
                         of, the preferred securities and the common securities,
                         will generally be made pro rata based on their
                         liquidation amounts. However, if on any payment date,
                         an indenture event of default has occurred and is
                         continuing, no payment on the common securities will be
                         made unless payment in full in cash of all accumulated
                         and unpaid distributions on all of the outstanding
                         preferred securities for all current and prior
                         distribution periods (or in the case of payment of the
                         redemption price, the full amount of such redemption
                         price on all of the outstanding preferred securities
                         then called for redemption), has been made or provided
                         for.

FORM AND DENOMINATION..  The Depository Trust Company, which we refer to as
                         "DTC," will act as securities depositary for the unit
                         securities, each of which will be issued only as fully
                         registered securities registered in the name of DTC or
                         its nominee for credit to an account of a




                                      S-11

<PAGE>
                         direct or indirect participant in DTC. One or more
                         fully registered certificates will be issued for each
                         of the unit securities, and will be deposited with the
                         property trustee as custodian for DTC. The preferred
                         securities will be issued in denominations of $50
                         stated liquidation amount and whole multiples of $50.
                         See "Book-Entry Issuance" in this prospectus
                         supplement.


USE OF PROCEEDS......... We will use the net proceeds from the offering of the
                         units (consisting of the portion of the net proceeds
                         from the sale of the units relating to the warrants,
                         and the net proceeds from the issuance of the
                         debentures to the Trust) for general corporate
                         purposes. The Trust will use the portion of the net
                         proceeds from the sale of the units relating to the
                         preferred securities to acquire the debentures from us.


MATERIAL UNITED STATES
FEDERAL INCOME TAX
CONSEQUENCES............ RGA intends to treat and you (by your acceptance of a
                         beneficial interest in the unit) agree to treat each
                         unit as an "investment unit" consisting of a preferred
                         security and a warrant. As such, the purchase price of
                         each unit will be allocated between the preferred
                         security and the warrant in proportion to their
                         respective fair market values at the time of purchase.

                         In the opinion of Bryan Cave LLP, counsel to RGA, for
                         United States federal income tax purposes (x) the
                         debentures will be treated as debt and (y) the Trust
                         will be treated as a grantor trust. As a result, each
                         holder of a preferred security generally will be
                         treated as owning an undivided beneficial ownership
                         interest in the debentures. As a consequence, if the
                         holder is a United States taxpayer, it will be required
                         to include as ordinary income amounts constituting
                         original issue discount. The amount of interest income,
                         including original issue discount, on which it will be
                         taxed will exceed its share of the cash interest
                         payments received from the Trust on the preferred
                         securities. See "Material United States Federal Income
                         Tax Consequences" in this prospectus supplement.


ERISA CONSIDERATIONS.... Each purchaser and subsequent transferee of the units,
                         including the underlying preferred securities,
                         warrants, debentures and any shares of our common stock
                         issued upon the exercise of the warrants will be deemed
                         to have represented and warranted that the acquisition
                         and holding of these securities by the purchaser or
                         transferee will not constitute a non-exempt prohibited
                         transaction under Section 406 of the Employee
                         Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA") or
                         Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or
                         similar violation under any applicable similar laws.
                         See "ERISA Considerations" in this prospectus
                         supplement.

ABSENCE OF A PUBLIC
MARKET FOR THE UNITS.... The units and their components will be new securities.
                         We cannot assure you that an active or liquid market
                         will develop for the units or their components.



                                      S-12
<PAGE>

NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE    Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock
SYMBOL FOR OUR COMMON      Exchange under the symbol "RGA". We have applied to
STOCK AND LISTING........  list the units on the NYSE under the symbol "      ."
                           We expect that trading of the units on the NYSE will
                           commence on the second trading day after the date of
                           this prospectus supplement. If either the preferred
                           securities or the warrants are traded at a volume
                           that satisfies applicable exchange listing
                           requirements, then we will use our reasonable best
                           efforts to list those securities on the national
                           securities exchange or quotation system on which the
                           units are then listed or quoted.

                           [PLANNED DEBT OFFERING

        Following this offering, we intend to sell $200. million aggregate
principal amount of our senior notes. This offering and the concurrent senior
notes offering are not conditioned on each other, which means that we may
complete either offering without completing the other.]









                                      S-13

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
