<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>strs1026ab.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.26
<TEXT>


                                           Exhibit 10.26

                  CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT


     This  CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made  and
entered  into  as of the 11th day of June, 2001, by  and  between
7500   RIALTO   BOULEVARD,  L.P.,  a  Texas  limited  partnership
("Borrower"),   whose  address  is  98  San  Jacinto   Boulevard,
Suite  220, Austin, Texas 78701, and COMERICA BANK-TEXAS, a state
banking association ("Lender"), whose address is 1601 Elm Street,
2nd  Floor,  Dallas,  Texas  75201, Attn:  National  Real  Estate
Services.


                           ARTICLE I

                      DEFINITION OF TERMS

     I.1   Definitions.  As used in this Agreement, the following
terms shall have the respective meanings indicated below:

     Advance:   A  disbursement  by Lender,  whether  by  journal
entry,  deposit  to Borrower's account, check to third  party  or
otherwise  of  any  of  the proceeds of the Loan,  any  insurance
proceeds or Borrower's Deposit.

     Affidavit  of  Commencement:  As  defined  in  Section  5.13
hereof.

     Affidavit of Completion:  As defined in Section 5.14 hereof.

     Agreement:  This Loan Agreement, as the same may  from  time
to time be amended or supplemented.

     Allocations:   The line items set forth in the  Budget   for
which Advances of Loan proceeds will be made.

     Assignment  of Leases:  The Assignment of Leases  and  Rents
assigning  to  Lender Borrower's interest in all  leases  entered
into  for  the Mortgaged Property and all rents and other  rights
and  benefits  to which Borrower is entitled under the  terms  of
such leases.

     Borrower's  Deposit:  Such cash amounts as Lender  may  deem
necessary for Borrower to deposit with it in accordance with  the
provisions of Section 3.4 of this Agreement.

     Budget:  The budget which is set forth on Exhibit B attached
hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

     Commencement Date:  March 29, 2001.

     Commitment  Fee:   The  sum  of $45,875.00  to  be  paid  by
Borrower  to  Lender in connection with funding for the  Phase  I
Improvements,  and if the Phase II Conditions  are  satisfied  as
evidenced  by  the execution of a modification agreement  between
Lender  and  Borrower, an additional commitment fee of $45,875.00
shall be due from Borrower to Lender.

     Completion  Date:  January 15, 2002, for completion  of  the
shell portion of the Phase I Improvements.

     Construction  Contract:   Collectively,  all  contracts  and
agreements   entered   into  between  Borrower   and   Contractor
pertaining to the development, construction and completion of the
Phase I  Improvements.

     Contractor:    Zapalac/Reed  Construction   Company,   L.C.,
together  with  any  other person or entity  with  whom  Borrower
contracts for the development, construction and completion of the
Phase I Improvements or any portion thereof.

     Cross-Default    Agreement:     The    Cross-Default     and
Cross-Collateralization Agreement of even date herewith  executed
by  and  among Lender, Borrower and Guarantor, and other  parties
whereby the Mortgaged Property and the collateral of Guarantor as
more   fully   described  therein  which  secures  that   certain
$30,000,000.00  loan from Lender to Guarantor as evidenced  by  a
$20,000,000.00  Promissory  Note and a  $10,000,000.00  Revolving
Credit  Note,  respectively, each dated December  16,  1999,  and
thereafter modified by Modification Agreement dated December  27,
2000,  by  and  between  Lender,  Guarantor,  Stratus  Properties
Operating  Co.,  L.P.,  Circle  C  Land  Corp.,  and  Austin  290
Properties, Inc., are cross-collateralized and the $30,000,000.00
loan and this loan are cross-defaulted.

     Deed  of  Trust:  The Amended and Restated Deed of Trust  of
even  date herewith pursuant to which Borrower mortgages the Land
to secure the Loan.

     Design  Professional:  Susman Tisdale Gayle,  together  with
any  other person or entity with whom Borrower contracts for  the
providing  of  planning,  design, architectural,  engineering  or
other  similar services relating to the Phase I Improvements,  if
any.

     Design  Services Contract:  Collectively, all contracts  and
agreements   entered  into  between  Borrower  and  each   Design
Professional   pertaining   to  the   design,   development   and
construction of the Phase I Improvements, if any.

     Disposition:  Any sale, lease (except as expressly permitted
pursuant   to   the   Loan   Documents),  exchange,   assignment,
conveyance, transfer, trade, or other disposition of all  or  any
portion  of  the Mortgaged Property (or any interest therein)  or
all  or  any  part,  directly or indirectly,  of  the  beneficial
ownership  interest in Borrower (if Borrower  is  a  corporation,
partnership,  general  partnership,  limited  partnership,  joint
venture,  trust, or other type of business association  or  legal
entity);  provided, however, a sale of the publicly traded  stock
of  Stratus  Properties, Inc. shall not constitute a  Disposition
under the terms of this Agreement.

     Draw  Request:   a  request by Borrower  to  Lender  for  an
Advance  in such form and containing such information  as  Lender
may reasonably require.

     Environmental  Law:   Any  federal,  state,  or  local  law,
statute,  ordinance, or regulation, whether now or  hereafter  in
effect,  pertaining  to  health,  industrial  hygiene,   or   the
environmental  conditions  on,  under,  or  about  the  Land   or
Improvements, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation,  and  Liability Act of 1980 ("CERCLA"),  42  U.S.C.
& 9601 et seq.; Resource, Conservation and Recovery Act ("RCRA"),
42  U.S.C.  & 6901 et seq. as amended by the Superfund Amendments
and  Reauthorization Act of 1986 ("SARA"), Pub.  L.  99-499,  100
Stat.  1613; the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C.  &  2601
et  seq.; Emergency Planning and Community Right to Know  Act  of
1986,  42  U.S.C.  &  1101  et seq.;  Clean  Water  Act  ("CWA"),
33 U.S.C. & 1251 et seq.; Clean Air Act ("CAA"), 42 U.S.C. & 7401
et seq.; Federal Water Pollution Control Act ("FWPCA"), 33 U.S.C.
&  1251  et  seq.; and any corresponding state laws or ordinances
including  the Texas Water Code ("TWC") & 26.001 et  seq.;  Texas
Health  &  Safety  Code ("THSC") & 361.001 et seq.;  Texas  Solid
Waste  Disposal Act, Tex. Rev. Civ. Stat. Ann. art.  4477-7;  and
regulations, rules, guidelines, or standards promulgated pursuant
to such laws, statutes and regulations.

     Event of Default:  Any happening or occurrence described  in
Section 8.1 of this Agreement.

     Financing  Statement:  The financing statement or  financing
statements  (on  Standard Form UCC-1 or otherwise)  executed  and
delivered by Borrower in connection with the Loan Documents.

     Governmental   Authority:   Any  and  all  courts,   boards,
agencies,  commissions,  offices, or authorities  of  any  nature
whatsoever  for  any governmental unit (federal,  state,  county,
district, municipal, city or otherwise), whether now or hereafter
in existence.

     Governmental Requirements:  All statutes, laws,  ordinances,
rules, regulations, orders, writs, injunctions or decrees of  any
Governmental Authority applicable to Borrower, Guarantor  or  the
Mortgaged Property.

     Guarantor:     STRATUS   PROPERTIES,   INC.,   a    Delaware
corporation.

     Guaranty:   That  or those instruments of  guaranty  now  or
hereafter  in  effect from Guarantor to Lender  guaranteeing  the
repayment of all or any part of the Loan, the satisfaction of, or
continued  compliance with, the covenants contained in  the  Loan
Documents, or both.

     Hazardous Substance: Any substance, product, waste, or other
material  which is or becomes listed, regulated, or addressed  as
being   a  toxic,  hazardous,  polluting,  or  similarly  harmful
substance   under   any  Environmental  Law,  including   without
limitation:  (i) any substance included within the definition  of
"hazardous  waste"  pursuant to Section 1004 of  RCRA;  (ii)  any
substance included within the definition of "hazardous substance"
pursuant  to Section 101 of CERCLA; (iii) any substance  included
within  (a)  the definition of "regulated substance" pursuant  to
Section  26.342(11) of TWC; or (b) the definition  of  "hazardous
substance"   pursuant   to   Section   361.003(11)    of    THSC;
(iv)  asbestos;  (v)  polychlorinated biphenyls;  (vi)  petroleum
products; (vii) underground storage tanks, whether empty,  filled
or  partially  filled with any substance; (viii) any  radioactive
materials, urea formaldehyde foam insulation or radon;  (ix)  any
substance  included within the definition of "waste" pursuant  to
Section   30.003(b)   of   TWC   or   "pollutant"   pursuant   to
Section  26.001(13) of TWC; and (x) any other chemical,  material
or  substance,  the exposure to which is prohibited,  limited  or
regulated  by any Governmental Authority on the basis  that  such
chemical, material or substance is toxic, hazardous or harmful to
human health or the environment.

     Improvements:   Collectively, the Phase I  Improvements  and
the Phase II Improvements.

     Indebtedness:  As defined in the Deed of Trust.

     Initial  Advance:   The  Advance to  be  made  at  the  time
Borrower satisfies the conditions set forth in Sections  3.1  and
3.2 of this Agreement.

     Inspecting Person:  A representative of AECC will from  time
to  time inspect the Phase I Improvements and the development  of
Phase II Improvements for the benefit of Lender.

     Land:   The  real property or interest therein described  in
Exhibit  A  attached  hereto  and  incorporated  herein  by  this
reference upon which the Phase I and Phase II Improvements are to
be constructed.

     Loan:   The loan evidenced by the Note and governed by  this
Agreement.

     Loan  Amount:   Up  to a maximum amount of EIGHTEEN  MILLION
THREE HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND AND NO/100 DOLLARS ($18,350,000.00).

     Loan   Documents:   The  Note,  the  Deed  of  Trust,   this
Agreement,  the Security Agreement, the Financing Statement,  the
Guaranty, the Assignment, and any and all other documents now  or
hereafter  executed  by  the Borrower, Guarantor,  or  any  other
person  or  party  in connection with the Loan, the  indebtedness
evidenced  by  the  Note,  or  the covenants  contained  in  this
Agreement.

     Loan Extension:  That certain twelve (12) month extension of
the  Maturity  Date  of  the  Loan  provided  the  conditions  of
Section 2.9 are satisfied.

     Material Adverse Effect:  Any material and adverse effect on
(i)  the business condition (financial or otherwise), operations,
prospects,  results of operations, capitalization,  liquidity  or
any  properties of the Borrower, taken as a whole, (ii) the value
of  the Mortgaged Property, (iii) the ability of Borrower or  any
Guarantor  (or if the Borrower or any Guarantor is a partnership,
joint  venture,  trust or other type of business association,  of
any  of the parties comprising Borrower or such Guarantor) to pay
and  perform  the  Indebtedness  or  any  other  Obligations,  or
(iv) the validity, enforceability or binding effect of any of the
Loan Documents.

     Mortgaged  Property:  Collectively, the Land,  the  Phase  I
Improvements  and  the Phase II Improvements if constructed,  and
all other collateral covered by the Loan Documents.

     Note:  The promissory note dated as of even date herewith in
the  principal sum of the Loan Amount (together with all renewals
and  extensions  thereof)  executed  and  delivered  by  Borrower
payable to the order of Lender, evidencing the Loan.

     Obligations:   Any  and  all of the  covenants,  conditions,
warranties, representations, and other obligations (other than to
repay   the   Indebtedness)  made  or  undertaken  by   Borrower,
Guarantor, or any other person or party to the Loan Documents  to
Lender, the trustee of the Deed of Trust, or others as set  forth
in the Loan Documents, and in any deed, lease, sublease, or other
form  of  conveyance, or any other agreement  pursuant  to  which
Borrower is granted a possessory interest in the Land.

     Phase  I  Improvements:  That certain   77,500  square  foot
office   building,  together  with  a  parking   deck   providing
approximately  one  hundred (100) covered spaces  and  all  other
amenities,  to be constructed on the Mortgaged Property,  all  as
more particularly described in the Plans and Specifications.

     Phase  II Improvements:  A second office building consisting
of 77,500 square feet of space to be constructed on the Mortgaged
Property, together with all amenities, which shall be constructed
in  accordance with the Plans and Specifications and which  shall
be  funded  out  of the loan proceeds of this Loan  PROVIDED  the
conditions  of  Lender are met in accordance with this  Agreement
(the "Phase II Conditions").

     Plans and Specifications:  The plans and specifications  for
the  development  and construction of the Phase  I  Improvements,
prepared  by Borrower or the Design Professional and approved  by
Lender   as  required  herein,  by  all  applicable  Governmental
Authorities, by any party to a purchase or construction  contract
with  a  right  of  approval,  all amendments  and  modifications
thereof  approved in writing by the same, and all  other  design,
engineering  or architectural work, test reports,  surveys,  shop
drawings, and related items.

     Security  Agreement:  The Security Agreement shall mean  all
security  agreements, whether contained in the Deed of  Trust,  a
separate  security  agreement or otherwise  creating  a  security
interest  in  all  personal  property and  fixtures  of  Borrower
(including   replacements,   substitutions   and   after-acquired
property)  now or hereafter located in or upon the  Land  or  the
Phase I and Phase II Improvements, or used or intended to be used
in the operation thereof, to secure the Loan.

     Soft  Costs:   All architectural, engineering, interior  and
landscape design, legal, consulting and other related fees, taxes
on   land  and  improvements,  bond  and  insurance  costs,   and
commitment fees, interest and other financing charges, all as set
forth in the Approved Budget.

     Subordinate Mortgage:  Any mortgage, deed of trust,  pledge,
lien   (statutory,  constitutional,  or  contractual),   security
interest,  encumbrance or charge, or conditional  sale  or  other
title  retention agreement, covering all or any  portion  of  the
Mortgaged Property executed and delivered by Borrower,  the  lien
of  which is subordinate and inferior to the lien of the Deed  of
Trust.

     Special  Account:  An account established by  Borrower  with
Lender  (in which Borrower shall at all times maintain a  minimum
balance  of  $1,000.00) into which all Advances made directly  to
Borrower will be deposited.

     Tenant  Leases:  All written leases or rental agreements  by
which  Borrower,  as  landlord, grants to a  tenant  a  leasehold
interest  in a portion of the leasable space within the Mortgaged
Property.

     Title  Insurance:  One or more title insurance  commitments,
binders  or policies, as Lender may require, issued by the  Title
Company,  on  a  coinsurance or reinsurance  basis  (with  direct
access  endorsement or rights) if and as required by  Lender,  in
the  maximum amount of the Loan insuring or committing to  insure
that the Deed of Trust constitutes a valid lien covering the Land
and the Phase I and Phase II  Improvements, subject only to those
exceptions which Lender may approve.

     Title Company:  The Title Company (and its issuing agent, if
applicable)   issuing  the  Title  Insurance,  which   shall   be
acceptable to Lender in its sole and absolute discretion.

                           ARTICLE II

                            THE LOAN

     II.1 Agreement to Lend.  Lender hereby agrees to lend up  to
but  not  in excess of the Loan Amount to Borrower, and  Borrower
hereby  agrees  to  borrow such sum from  Lender,  all  upon  and
subject  to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, such  sum
to  be  evidenced  by the Note.  No principal  amount  repaid  by
Borrower may be reborrowed by Borrower.  Borrower's liability for
repayment of the interest on account of the Loan shall be limited
to   and  calculated  with  respect  to  Loan  proceeds  actually
disbursed to Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and
the  Note  and only from the date or dates of such disbursements.
After   notice   to  Borrower,  Lender  may,  in  Lender's   sole
discretion,  disburse  Loan proceeds  by  journal  entry  to  pay
interest  and financing costs and, following an uncured Event  of
Default, disburse Loan proceeds directly to third parties to  pay
costs  or  expenses required to be paid by Borrower  pursuant  to
this  Agreement.   Loan proceeds disbursed by Lender  by  journal
entry  to  pay  interest or financing costs,  and  Loan  proceeds
disbursed directly by Lender to pay costs or expenses required to
be  paid by Borrower pursuant to this Agreement, shall constitute
Advances  to Borrower.  Borrower hereby acknowledges  and  agrees
that  the maximum amount to be funded by Lender for the  Phase  I
Improvements shall be $9,175,000.00 and that no Advances shall be
used by Borrower to pay for any development or construction costs
for  the  Phase  II Improvements unless and until  the  Phase  II
Conditions of Article VI hereafter have been fully satisfied  and
Lender  and  Borrower have entered into a modification  agreement
acceptable  to  the parties hereto whereby the  commencement  and
completion  dates for the Phase II Improvements  and  such  other
terms and conditions as Lender may require has been executed.

     II.2  Advances.   The purposes for which Loan  proceeds  are
allocated and the respective amounts of such Allocations are  set
forth in the Budget, which Advances shall be limited to the value
of the work in place as determined by the Inspecting Person.

     II.3  Allocations.  The Allocations shall be disbursed  only
for  the purposes set forth in the Budget.  Lender shall  not  be
obligated to make an Advance for an Allocation set forth  in  the
Budget  to  the  extent that the amount of the Advance  for  such
Allocation  would,  when  added to all prior  Advances  for  such
Allocation, exceed the total of such Allocation as set  forth  in
the Budget.

     II.4  Limitation  on  Advances.  To  the  extent  that  Loan
proceeds  disbursed  by Lender pursuant to  the  Allocations  are
insufficient  to  pay  all costs required  for  the  acquisition,
development,   construction  and  completion  of  the   Mortgaged
Property, Borrower shall pay such excess costs with funds derived
from  sources other than the Loan.  Under no circumstances  shall
Lender  be required to disburse any proceeds of the Loan for  the
construction  of  the Phase II Improvements until  the  Phase  II
Conditions have been satisfied or in excess of the Loan Amount.

     II.5  Reallocations.   Lender reserves  the  right,  at  its
option,  to  disburse  Loan proceeds  allocated  to  any  of  the
Allocations  for  such  other  purposes  or  in  such   different
proportions as Lender may, in its sole discretion, deem necessary
or  advisable.   Borrower shall not be entitled to  require  that
Lender reallocate funds among the Allocations.

     II.6  Contingency Allocations.  Any amount allocated in  the
Budget for "contingencies" or other non-specific purposes may, in
the  Lender's  discretion, be disbursed by Lender to  pay  future
contingent  costs  and  expenses  of  maintaining,  leasing   and
promoting the Mortgaged Property and such other costs or expenses
as  Lender  shall  approve.   Under no  circumstances  shall  the
Borrower have the right to require Lender to disburse any amounts
so   allocated  and  Lender  may  impose  such  requirements  and
conditions as it deems prudent and necessary should it  elect  to
disburse all or any portion of the amounts so allocated.

     II.7  Withholding.  Lender may withhold from an Advance  or,
on  account of subsequently discovered evidence, withhold from  a
later  Advance under this Agreement or require Borrower to  repay
to  Lender the whole or any part of any earlier Advance  to  such
extent  as  may be necessary to protect the Lender from  loss  on
account  of  (i)  defective work not remedied or requirements  of
this  Agreement  not  performed, (ii) liens filed  or  reasonable
evidence  indicating  probable filing  of  liens  which  are  not
bonded,  (iii)  failure  of Borrower  to  make  payments  to  the
Contractor for material or labor, except as is permitted  by  the
Construction  Contract,  or  (iv) a  reasonable  doubt  that  the
construction of the Phase I Improvements can be completed  for  a
maximum  amount of $9,175,000.00, or, if the Phase II  Conditions
have  been  met, that the Phase II Improvements can be  completed
for  the  balance of the Loan Amount then undisbursed.  When  all
such grounds are removed, payment shall be made of any amount  so
withheld because of them.

     II.8 Loan Limitation.  It is expressly agreed and understood
that, in accordance with the Budget, to the extent an Advance  is
for construction costs of the Phase I Improvements, such Advance,
except  for  the final payment under the Loan, shall  not  exceed
ninety  percent (90%) of the actual construction costs  to  which
such Advance relates; and

     II.9  Loan  Extension.   Provided the  following  conditions
precedent  shall  have  been satisfied, then  Borrower  shall  be
entitled  to  extend the maturity of the Note  by  an  additional
twelve (12) months.  The conditions precedent to extension of the
Note for the twelve (12) month period are as follows:

          (a)  Written notice of such extension shall be given by
     Borrower  at least thirty (30) days prior to the  expiration
     of  the  original Maturity Date (as defined in the Note)  of
     the  Note; and, with such notice, Borrower shall pay to  the
     Lender,  in  cash, the Extension Fee of $22,937.50  for  the
     extension;

          (b)   The  Lender shall have received a current  tenant
     estoppel  certificate (which certificate shall be reasonably
     satisfactory to the Lender in form and substance) from  each
     tenant  who  has entered into a Lease for a portion  of  the
     Mortgaged Property.

          (c)  No Event of Default, or any event, circumstance or
     action of which the Borrower is aware (by notice from Lender
     or  otherwise)  and with the passage of time or  failure  to
     cure  would  give rise to an Event of Default, has  occurred
     and is then existing;

          (d)   No event, claim, liability or circumstance  shall
     have occurred which, in the Lender's determination, could be
     expected to have or have had a Material Adverse Effect;

          (e)   Written  evidence being provided by Borrower  and
     reasonably  satisfactory to the Lender indicating  that  the
     Debt  Coverage  Ratio  (as defined in  Section  5.20  below)
     calculated for the three (3) month calendar period ending as
     of  the last day of the then term (absent extension pursuant
     to  this  Section 2.9) shall be not less than 1.20X  of  the
     then   outstanding  Indebtedness;  or  Borrower  shall  have
     prepaid  the  Curative Amount pursuant  to  Section  5.20(d)
     below  necessary  to achieve a 1.20 Debt Coverage  Ratio  or
     pledged    adequate    liquid   collateral    pursuant    to
     Section 5.20(e) below; and

          (f)   Net Operating Income (as defined in Section  5.20
     below) shall be a minimum of $1,100,000.00.

          (g)  Lender shall have received an updated appraisal of
     the  Mortgaged Property, at Borrower's expense, prepared  by
     an  appraiser  acceptable  to Lender  and  based  upon  such
     standards as Lender may require.

                          ARTICLE III

                            ADVANCES

     III.1     Conditions to Initial Advance.  The obligation  of
Lender  to make the Initial Advance hereunder is subject  to  the
prior  or  simultaneous  occurrence  of  each  of  the  following
conditions:

          (a)   Lender shall have received from Borrower  all  of
     the  Loan  Documents  duly  executed  by  Borrower  and,  if
     applicable, by Guarantor.

          (b)   Lender  shall have received certified  copies  of
     resolutions of Borrower, if Borrower is a corporation, or  a
     certified  copy of a consent of partners, if Borrower  is  a
     partnership, authorizing execution, delivery and performance
     of  all  of the Loan Documents and authorizing the borrowing
     hereunder,   along  with  such  certificates  of  existence,
     certificates  of  good  standing and other  certificates  or
     documents  as  Lender  may reasonably  require  to  evidence
     Borrower's authority.

          (c)   Lender  shall have received true  copies  of  all
     organization documents of Borrower, including all amendments
     or  supplements thereto, if Borrower is a legal entity other
     than  a  corporation, along with such certificates or  other
     documents  as  Lender  may reasonably  require  to  evidence
     Borrower's authority.

          (d)   Lender  shall  have received  evidence  that  the
     Mortgaged  Property  is  not located within  any  designated
     flood  plain or special flood hazard area; or evidence  that
     Borrower  has  applied  for  and  received  flood  insurance
     covering the Mortgaged Property in the amount of the Loan or
     the maximum coverage available to Lender.

          (e)   Lender shall have received evidence of compliance
     with all Governmental Requirements.

          (f)   Lender  shall  have received a full-size,  single
     sheet  copy of all recorded subdivision or plat maps of  the
     Land  approved  (to  the  extent  required  by  Governmental
     Requirements)   by   all   Governmental   Authorities,    if
     applicable,   and   legible  copies   of   all   instruments
     representing  exceptions  to  the  state  of  title  to  the
     Mortgaged Property.

          (g)   Lender  shall have received policies of  all-risk
     builder's  risk  insurance  (non-reporting  form)  for   the
     construction  of  the  Phase  I  Improvements,  owner's  and
     contractor's   liability  insurance,  workers'  compensation
     insurance, and such other insurance as Lender may reasonably
     require,  with standard endorsements attached naming  Lender
     as the insured mortgagee or additional insured, whichever is
     applicable,  such  policies to be in form  and  content  and
     issued by companies reasonably satisfactory to Lender,  with
     copies,  or certificates thereof, being delivered to Lender.
     In   the  event  the  Phase  II  Conditions  are  met,   the
     requirements of this paragraph shall then also be  in  place
     for the Phase II Improvements.

          (h)  Lender shall have received the Title Insurance, at
     the sole expense of Borrower.

          (i)   Lender  shall  have received from  Borrower  such
     other  instruments, evidence and certificates as Lender  may
     reasonably require, including the items indicated below:

               (1)   Evidence  that  all the  streets  furnishing
          access to the Mortgaged Property have been dedicated to
          public  use  and installed and accepted  by  applicable
          Governmental Authorities.

               (2)   A current survey of the Land prepared  by  a
          registered  surveyor  or  engineer  and  certified   to
          Lender,  Borrower and the Title Company,  in  form  and
          substance reasonably acceptable to Lender, showing  all
          easements, building or setback lines, rights-of-way and
          dedications affecting said land and showing no state of
          facts objectionable to Lender.

               (3)   Evidence reasonably satisfactory  to  Lender
          showing the availability of all necessary utilities  at
          the  boundary lines of the Land, including sanitary and
          storm   sewer  facilities,  potable  water,  telephone,
          electricity, gas, and municipal services.

               (4)  Evidence that the current and proposed use of
          the  Mortgaged  Property and the  construction  of  the
          Phase  I  Improvements complies with  all  Governmental
          Requirements.

               (5)   An  opinion  of counsel for Borrower,  which
          counsel shall be satisfactory to Lender, to the  effect
          that (i) Borrower possesses full power and authority to
          own  the  Mortgaged Property, to construct the Phase  I
          Improvements  and  to  perform  Borrower's  obligations
          hereunder;  (ii)  the  Loan Documents  have  been  duly
          authorized,  executed and delivered  by  Borrower  and,
          where  required, by Guarantor, and constitute the valid
          and  binding obligations of Borrower and Guarantor, not
          subject  to  any defense based upon usury, capacity  of
          Borrower  or  otherwise; (iii) the Loan  Documents  are
          enforceable in accordance with their respective  terms,
          except  as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency and  other
          laws  affecting creditors' rights generally, and except
          that certain remedial provisions thereof may be limited
          by  the  laws  of  the  State of  Texas;  (iv)  to  the
          knowledge of such counsel, there are no actions,  suits
          or   proceedings  pending  or  threatened  against   or
          affecting   Borrower,  Guarantor   or   the   Mortgaged
          Property,  or  involving  the  priority,  validity   or
          enforceability  of  the  liens  or  security  interests
          arising out of the Loan Documents, at law or in equity,
          or  before  or  by  any Governmental Authority,  except
          actions,   suits  or  proceedings  fully   covered   by
          insurance or which, if adversely determined, would  not
          substantially  impair  the  ability  of   Borrower   or
          Guarantor to pay when due any amounts which may  become
          payable  in respect to the Loan as represented  by  the
          Note;  (v)  to  the knowledge of such counsel,  neither
          Borrower  nor Guarantor is in default with  respect  to
          any  order, writ, injunction, decree or demand  of  any
          court  or  any  Governmental Authority  of  which  such
          counsel  has knowledge; (vi) to the knowledge  of  such
          counsel,  the  consummation of the transactions  hereby
          contemplated and the performance of this Agreement  and
          the  execution  and delivery of the Guaranty  will  not
          violate  or  contravene any provision of any instrument
          creating  or  governing  the  business  operations   of
          Borrower or Guarantor and will not result in any breach
          of,  or constitute a default under, any mortgage,  deed
          of trust, lease, bank loan or credit agreement or other
          instrument  to  which Borrower or any  Guarantor  is  a
          party  or by which Borrower, Guarantor or the Mortgaged
          Property may be bound or affected; and (vii) such other
          matters as Lender may reasonably request.

               (6)   A  cost  breakdown  satisfactory  to  Lender
          showing the total costs, including, but not limited to,
          such  related nonconstruction items as interest  during
          construction,  commitment, legal,  design  professional
          and  real estate agents' fees, plus the amount  of  the
          Land cost and direct construction costs required to  be
          paid   to   satisfactorily   complete   the   Phase   I
          Improvements,  free and clear of liens  or  claims  for
          liens  for  material  supplied and for  labor  services
          performed.

               (7)    Original   or  a  copy  of  each   proposed
          Construction Contract.

               (8)   Original  or a copy of each  fully  executed
          Design Services Contract.

               (9)    Waiver   of   lien  or  lien  subordination
          agreement(s)   for  the  prior  month's  draw   request
          executed by Contractor and by each contractor,  laborer
          and  suppliers  furnishing labor or  materials  to  the
          Mortgaged  Property,  in a form acceptable  to  Lender,
          together  with Borrower's affidavit to Lender that  all
          changes and expenses incurred to date for the Mortgaged
          Property have been paid in full.

               (10)  A  copy of the Plans and Specifications  for
          the Phase I Improvements.

               (11) Building permit(s), grading permit(s) and all
          other permits required with respect to the construction
          of the Phase I Improvements.

               (12)   Evidence   that   all   applicable   zoning
          ordinances and restrictive covenants affecting the Land
          permit  the  use  for which the Phase I  and  Phase  II
          Improvements  are intended and have  been  or  will  be
          complied with.

               (13)  Evidence  of  payment of required  sums  for
          insurance,   taxes,   expenses,   charges   and    fees
          customarily  required or recommended by Lender  or  any
          Governmental   Authority,   corporation,   or    person
          guaranteeing,  insuring  or purchasing,  committing  to
          guaranty, insure, purchase or refinance the Loan or any
          portion thereof.

               (14)  A  current financial statement of  Guarantor
          certified by said Guarantor.
               (15) A Guaranty executed by the Guarantor.

               (16)  A schedule of construction progress for  the
          Phase  I Improvements with the anticipated commencement
          and  completion dates of each phase of construction and
          the  anticipated date and amounts of each  Advance  for
          the same.

               (17)  Copies  of  all agreements entered  into  by
          Borrower  or  its operating partner pertaining  to  the
          development, construction and completion of the Phase I
          Improvements or pertaining to materials to be  used  in
          connection  therewith,  together  with  a  schedule  of
          anticipated dates and amounts of each Advance  for  the
          same.

               (18)  Environmental  site assessment  report  with
          respect to the Mortgaged Property prepared by a firm of
          engineers  approved by Lender, which  report  shall  be
          satisfactory   in   form  and  substance   to   Lender,
          certifying that there is no evidence that any Hazardous
          Substance  have  been  generated,  treated,  stored  or
          disposed  of on any of the Mortgaged Property and  none
          exists on, under or at the Mortgaged Property.

               (19)  A  soils and geological report covering  the
          Land  issued by a laboratory approved by Lender,  which
          report  shall be satisfactory in form and substance  to
          Lender,  and  shall  include a summary  of  soils  test
          borings.

               (20)   Such   other   instruments,   evidence   or
          certificates as Lender may reasonably request.

          (j)   Lender  shall  have  ordered  and  received,   at
     Borrower's expense, an appraisal of the Mortgaged  Property,
     prepared  by an appraiser acceptable to Lender and presented
     and based upon such standards as may be required by Lender.

          (k)   Lender  shall have received payment of $45,875.00
     of the Commitment Fee.

          (l)   Borrower shall have furnished evidence to  Lender
     that it has contributed cash equity and/or the Land (at  its
     fair  market value) of an amount not less than $3,431,177.00
     in the aggregate.

     III.2      Conditions to Advances.  The obligation of Lender
to  make  each Advance hereunder, including the Initial  Advance,
shall  be  subject  to  the prior or simultaneous  occurrence  or
satisfaction of each of the following conditions:

          (a)  The Loan Documents shall be and remain outstanding
     and  enforceable in all material respects in accordance with
     their terms, all as required hereunder.

          (b)   Lender  shall have received a title report  dated
     within two (2) days of the requested Advance from the  Title
     Company  showing no state of facts objectionable to  Lender,
     including, but not limited to, a showing that title  to  the
     Land  is vested in Borrower and that no claim for mechanics'
     or  materialmen's liens has been filed against the Mortgaged
     Property.

          (c)   A  monthly  construction status  report  for  the
     Phase  I  Improvements shall be prepared  and  submitted  by
     Borrower to Lender on or before the tenth (10th) day of each
     month,  commencing on or before May 10, 2001 and  continuing
     for each month thereafter.

          (d)    The  representations  and  warranties  made   by
     Borrower,  as contained in this Agreement and in  all  other
     Loan  Documents shall be true and correct as of the date  of
     each  Advance;  and if requested by Lender,  Borrower  shall
     give to Lender a certificate to that effect.

          (e)   The  covenants  made by Borrower  to  Lender,  as
     contained  in this Agreement and in all other Loan Documents
     shall  have  been fully complied with, except to the  extent
     such compliance may be limited by the passage of time or the
     completion of construction of the Phase I Improvements.
          (f)   Lender  shall have received (i) a fully  executed
     copy  of each Construction Contract or copy thereof  (to  be
     dated  after the date of recordation of the Deed of  Trust);
     and   (ii)   a   report   of   any  changes,   replacements,
     substitutions, additions or other modification in  the  list
     of  contractors, subcontractors and materialmen involved  or
     expected to be involved in the construction of the  Phase  I
     Improvements.

          (g)   Except  in  connection with the Initial  Advance,
     Lender shall have received from Borrower a Draw Request  for
     such  Advance, completed, executed and sworn to by  Borrower
     and  Contractor, with the Inspecting Person's approval noted
     thereon,  stating that the requested amount does not  exceed
     ninety percent (90%) of the then unpaid cost of construction
     of  the  Phase  I  Improvements since the  last  certificate
     furnished hereunder; that said construction was performed in
     accordance with the Plans and Specifications in all material
     respects;  and that, in the opinion of Borrower,  Contractor
     and  the  Design Professional, construction of the  Phase  I
     Improvements  can be completed on or before  the  Completion
     Date for an additional cost not in excess of the amount then
     available under the Loan.  To the extent approved by  Lender
     and  included in the Budget, such expenses will be paid from
     the proceeds of the Loan.

          (h)   Except  in  connection with the Initial  Advance,
     Borrower   shall  have  furnished  to  Lender,   from   each
     contractor,   subcontractor   and   materialman,   including
     Contractor,   an  invoice,  lien  waiver  and   such   other
     instruments  and documents as Lender may from time  to  time
     specify,   in   form  and  content,  and   containing   such
     certifications, approvals and other data and information, as
     Lender may reasonably require.  The invoice, lien waiver and
     other  documents shall cover and be based upon work actually
     completed or materials actually furnished and paid  under  a
     prior application for payment. The lien waiver for the prior
     month's   draws   of  each  contractor,  subcontractor   and
     materialman  shall, if required by Lender,  be  received  by
     Lender   simultaneously  with  the  making  of  any  Advance
     hereunder  for the benefit of such contractor, subcontractor
     or materialman.

          (i)   There  shall exist no default or  breach  by  any
     obligated   party  (other  than  Lender)  under   the   Loan
     Documents.

          (j)   The  Phase  I Improvements shall  not  have  been
     materially  injured, damaged or destroyed by fire  or  other
     casualty,  nor shall any part of the Mortgaged  Property  be
     subject to condemnation proceedings or negotiations for sale
     in lieu thereof.

          (k)    All   work  typically  done  at  the  stage   of
     construction when the Advance is requested shall  have  been
     done,  and  all materials, supplies, chattels  and  fixtures
     typically   furnished  or  installed  at   such   stage   of
     construction shall have been furnished or installed.

          (l)   All  personal property not yet incorporated  into
     the Phase I Improvements but which is to be paid for out  of
     such Advance, must then be located upon the Land, secured in
     a  method  acceptable  to  Lender,  and  Lender  shall  have
     received  evidence thereof, or if stored off-site,  must  be
     stored  in  a  secured  area  and  must  be  available   for
     inspection by the Inspecting Person.

          (m)   Borrower shall have complied with all  reasonable
     requirements  of the Inspecting Person to insure  compliance
     with  the  Plans and Specifications and all requirements  of
     the Governmental Authorities.

          (n)  Except in connection with the Initial Advance,  if
     the Phase I Improvements are being built for any party under
     a  purchase  or  construction contract, then Lender  at  its
     election  may require the approval of such purchaser  before
     making any additional Advance.

          (o)  Borrower shall have fully completed (to the extent
     applicable), signed, notarized and delivered to  Lender  the
     Draw Request Form.

          (p)   If  any  portion of the Phase I Improvements  are
     being  built  for  a specific lessee, the approval  by  such
     lessee  of  the  construction thereof with  respect  to  the
     applicable  portion of the Phase I Improvements  subject  to
     such  lease shall be obtained and furnished to Lender,  upon
     request therefor by Lender.

          (q)   Borrower  shall have funded all  Borrower  equity
     requirements indicated on the Budget.

     III.3      Advance Not A Waiver.  No Advance of the proceeds
of the Loan shall constitute a waiver of any of the conditions of
Lender's  obligation to make further Advances, nor, in the  event
Borrower is unable to satisfy any such condition, shall any  such
Advance  have  the  effect of precluding Lender  from  thereafter
declaring such inability to be an Event of Default.

     III.4      Borrower's Deposit.  If at any time Lender  shall
in  its sole discretion deem that the undisbursed proceeds of the
Loan   are   insufficient  to  meet  the  costs   of   completing
construction of the Phase I Improvements, plus any and  all  Soft
Costs for the Phase I Improvements, Lender may refuse to make any
additional  Advances to Borrower hereunder until  Borrower  shall
have   deposited   with   Lender  sufficient   additional   funds
("Borrower's Deposit") to cover the deficiency which Lender deems
to  exist. Such Borrower's Deposit will be disbursed by Lender to
Borrower pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof as  if  they
constituted a portion of the Loan being made hereunder.  Borrower
agrees upon fifteen (15) days written demand by Lender to deposit
with  Lender  such Borrower's Deposit.  Lender  agrees  that  the
Borrower's   Deposit  shall  be  placed  in  an  interest-bearing
account.

     III.5      Advance  Not  An Approval.   The  making  of  any
Advance  or  part  thereof shall not be  deemed  an  approval  or
acceptance  by Lender of the work theretofore done. Lender  shall
have no obligation to make any Advance or part thereof after  the
happening  of any Event of Default, but shall have the right  and
option so to do; provided that if Lender elects to make any  such
Advance, no such Advance shall be deemed to be either a waiver of
the right to demand payment of the Loan, or any part thereof,  or
an obligation to make any other Advance.

     III.6      Time and Place of Advances.  All Advances are  to
be made at the office of Lender, or at such other place as Lender
may  designate;  and  Lender shall require five  (5)  days  prior
notice  in writing before the making of any such Advance.  Lender
shall  not  be obligated to undertake any Advance hereunder  more
than  once  in  any 30-day period.  Except as set forth  in  this
Agreement, all Advances are to be made by direct deposit into the
Special Account.  In the event Borrower shall part with or be  in
any manner whatever deprived of Borrower's interests in the Land,
Lender may, at Lender's option but without any obligation  to  do
so,  continue to make Advances under this Agreement, and  subject
to all its terms and conditions, to such person or persons as may
succeed  to  Borrower's  title  and  interest  and  all  sums  so
disbursed  shall  be  deemed Advances under  this  Agreement  and
secured  by  the  Deed of Trust and all other liens  or  security
interests securing the Loan.

     III.7      Retainage.  An amount equal to ten percent  (10%)
of  the cost of construction of the Phase I Improvements shall be
retained  by Lender and shall be paid over by Lender to Borrower,
provided that no lien claims are then filed against the Mortgaged
Property,  when  all  of  the  following  have  occurred  to  the
satisfaction of Lender with respect to the Phase I Improvements:

          (a)   Lender  has  received  a  completion  certificate
     prepared  by the Inspecting Person and executed by  Borrower
     and  the  Design  Professional  stating  that  the  Phase  I
     Improvements  have  been completed in  accordance  with  the
     Plans  and Specifications, together with such other evidence
     that   no   mechanics  or  materialmen's  liens   or   other
     encumbrances  have been filed and remain in  effect  against
     the  Mortgaged  Property  which  have  not  been  bonded  to
     Lender's  satisfaction  and that all offsite  utilities  and
     streets, if any, have been completed to the satisfaction  of
     Lender and any applicable Governmental Authority;

          (b)   each applicable Governmental Authority shall have
     duly  inspected  and approved the Phase I  Improvements  and
     issued  the  appropriate permit, license or  certificate  to
     evidence such approval;

          (c)  thirty (30) days shall have elapsed from the later
     of  (i)  the date of completion of the Phase I Improvements,
     as   specified  in  Texas  Property  Code  &53.106,  if  the
     Affidavit  of  Completion provided for in this Agreement  is
     filed within ten (10) days after such date of completion, or
     (ii)  the date of filing of such Affidavit of Completion  if
     such  Affidavit of Completion is filed ten (10) days or more
     after the date of the completion of the Phase I Improvements
     as specified in Texas Property Code &53.106; and

          (d)   receipt  by  Lender of evidence  satisfactory  to
     Lender   that  payment  in  full  has  been  made  for   all
     obligations incurred in connection with the construction and
     completion  of  all off-site utilities and improvements  (if
     any) as required by Lender or any Governmental Authority.

     III.8      No  Third Party Beneficiaries.  The  benefits  of
this Agreement shall not inure to any third party, nor shall this
Agreement  be  construed to make or render Lender liable  to  any
materialmen, subcontractors, contractors, laborers or others  for
goods  and  materials  supplied or work and  labor  furnished  in
connection  with the construction of the Phase I Improvements  or
for  debts  or  claims accruing to any such persons  or  entities
against  Borrower. Lender shall not be liable for the  manner  in
which  any  Advances  under  this Agreement  may  be  applied  by
Borrower,  Contractor and any of Borrower's other contractors  or
subcontractors.  Notwithstanding anything contained in  the  Loan
Documents,  or  any conduct or course of conduct by  the  parties
hereto,  before  or  after  signing  the  Loan  Documents,   this
Agreement  shall not be construed as creating any rights,  claims
or  causes  of  action against Lender, or any  of  its  officers,
directors,  agents  or  employees, in favor  of  any  contractor,
subcontractor, supplier of labor or materials, or  any  of  their
respective  creditors, or any other person or entity  other  than
Borrower.   Without  limiting the generality  of  the  foregoing,
Advances  made  to any contractor, subcontractor or  supplier  of
labor  or  materials,  pursuant to  any  requests  for  Advances,
whether  or  not  such  request is required  to  be  approved  by
Borrower,  shall  not  be deemed a recognition  by  Lender  of  a
third-party beneficiary status of any such person or entity.

                           ARTICLE IV

                 WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS

     Borrower  hereby unconditionally warrants and represents  to
Lender, as of the date hereof and at all times during the term of
the Agreement, as follows:

     IV.1 Plans and Specifications.  The Plans and Specifications
for the Phase I Improvements are satisfactory to Borrower, are in
compliance  with  all Governmental Requirements in  all  material
respects and, to the extent required by Governmental Requirements
or any effective restrictive covenant, have been approved by each
Governmental Authority and/or by the beneficiaries  of  any  such
restrictive covenant affecting the Mortgaged Property.

     IV.2   Governmental  Requirements.   No  violation  of   any
Governmental  Requirements exists or will exist with  respect  to
the Mortgaged Property and neither the Borrower nor the Guarantor
is,   nor  will  either  be,  in  default  with  respect  to  any
Governmental Requirements.

     IV.3  Utility Services.  All utility services of  sufficient
size  and capacity necessary for the construction of the Phase  I
Improvements and the use thereof for their intended purposes  are
available  at the property line(s) of the Land for connection  to
the  Phase  I  Improvements, including potable water,  storm  and
sanitary sewer, gas, electric and telephone facilities.

     IV.4  Access.  All roads necessary for the full  utilization
of the Phase I Improvements for their intended purposes have been
completed and have been dedicated to the public use and  accepted
by the appropriate Governmental Authority.

     IV.5  Financial  Statements.  Each  financial  statement  of
Borrower   and   Guarantor  delivered  heretofore,   concurrently
herewith  or  hereafter to Lender was and  will  be  prepared  in
conformity with general accepted accounting principles, or  other
good accounting principles approved by Lender in writing, applied
on  a  basis  consistent  with that of  previous  statements  and
completely  and  accurately disclose the financial  condition  of
Borrower and Guarantor (including all contingent liabilities)  as
of the date thereof and for the period covered thereby, and there
has  been  no  material  adverse change in either  Borrower's  or
Guarantor's  financial condition subsequent to the  date  of  the
most   recent  financial  statement  of  Borrower  and  Guarantor
delivered to Lender.

     IV.6 Statements.  No certificate, statement, report or other
information   delivered  heretofore,  concurrently  herewith   or
hereafter  by  Borrower  or Guarantor  to  Lender  in  connection
herewith,  or  in  connection with any  transaction  contemplated
hereby,  contains  or  will contain any  untrue  statement  of  a
material  fact or fails to state any material fact  necessary  to
keep the statements contained therein from being misleading,  and
same were true, complete and accurate as of the date hereof.

     IV.7    Disclaimer   of   Permanent   Financing.    Borrower
acknowledges and agrees that Lender has not made any commitments,
either  express or implied, to extend the term of the  Loan  past
its  stated  maturity  date  or  to  provide  Borrower  with  any
permanent financing except as expressly set forth herein.

                           ARTICLE V

                     COVENANTS OF BORROWER

     Borrower  hereby unconditionally covenants and  agrees  with
Lender, until the Loan shall have been paid in full and the  lien
of the Deed of Trust shall have been released, as follows:

     V.1   Commencement and Completion.  Borrower will cause  the
construction  of  the Phase I Improvements  to  commence  by  the
Commencement  Date  and  to  be  prosecuted  with  diligence  and
continuity and will complete the same in all material respects in
accordance  with  the Plans and Specifications for  the  Phase  I
Improvements on or before the Completion Date, free and clear  of
liens  or  claims for liens for material supplied and  for  labor
services  performed  in connection with the construction  of  the
Phase I Improvements.  If the Phase II Conditions as set forth in
Article  VI  below are met, then Lender and Borrower shall  agree
upon  a commencement date and a completion date for the Phase  II
Improvements,   and   the  warranties  and  representations   and
covenants  of  Borrower  shall be  applicable  to  the  Phase  II
Improvements as are set forth above with respect to the  Phase  I
Improvements.

     V.2   No  Changes.  Borrower will not amend, alter or change
(pursuant to change order, amendment or otherwise) the Plans  and
Specifications for the Phase I Improvements unless the same shall
have  been  approved  in advance in writing  by  Lender,  by  all
applicable  Governmental Authorities, and by  each  surety  under
payment  or performance bonds covering the Construction  Contract
or any other contract for construction of all or a portion of the
Phase I Improvements; provided, however, Borrower shall have  the
right to approve change orders without Lender's consent which  do
not  individually  exceed $25,000.00, or in the aggregate  exceed
$100,000.00 for the Phase I Improvements..

     V.3   Advances.  Borrower will receive the Advances and will
hold  same as a trust fund for the purpose of paying the cost  of
construction   of   the   Phase  I   Improvements   and   related
nonconstruction  costs  related  to  the  Mortgaged  Property  as
provided for herein. Borrower will apply the same promptly to the
payment of the costs and expenses for which each Advance is  made
and will not use any part thereof for any other purpose.

     V.4   Lender's Expenses.  Borrower will reimburse Lender for
all   out-of-pocket  expenses  of  Lender,  including  reasonable
attorneys'  fees,  incurred in connection with  the  preparation,
execution, delivery, administration and performance of  the  Loan
Documents.

     V.5   Surveys.   Borrower will furnish Lender at  Borrower's
expense   (i)  a  foundation survey and (ii) an as-built  survey,
each prepared by a registered engineer or surveyor acceptable  to
Lender,  showing  the locations of the Phase I Improvements,  and
certifying  that same are entirely within the property  lines  of
Land, do not encroach upon any easement, setback or building line
or  restrictions,  are placed in accordance with  the  Plans  and
Specifications, all Governmental Requirements and all restrictive
covenants affecting the Land and/or the Phase I Improvements, and
showing  no  state of facts objectionable to Lender. All  surveys
shall  be  in  form  and substance and from a  registered  public
surveyor acceptable to Lender.
     V.6   Defects and Variances.  Borrower will, upon demand  of
Lender  and  at  Borrower's sole expense, correct any  structural
defect in the Phase I Improvements or any variance from the Plans
and  Specifications  for the Phase I Improvements  which  is  not
approved in writing by Lender.

     V.7   Estoppel  Certificates.   Borrower  will  deliver   to
Lender, promptly after request therefor, estoppel certificates or
written  statements, duly acknowledged, stating the  amount  that
has  then  been  advanced to Borrower under this  Agreement,  the
amount due on the Note, and whether any known offsets or defenses
exist against the Note or any of the other Loan Documents.

     V.8   Inspecting  Person.  Borrower will pay  the  fees  and
expenses  of, and cooperate, with the Inspecting Person and  will
cause  the  Design Professional, the Contractor, each  contractor
and  subcontractor and the employees of each of them to cooperate
with  the  Inspecting Person and, upon request, will furnish  the
Inspecting  Person  whatever the Inspecting Person  may  consider
necessary  or  useful in connection with the performance  of  the
Inspecting  Person's duties.  Without limiting the generality  of
the  foregoing, Borrower shall furnish or cause to  be  furnished
such  items  as  working  details, Plans and  Specifications  and
details   thereof,  samples  of  materials,  licenses,   permits,
certificates  of public authorities, zoning ordinances,  building
codes  and  copies  of  the  contracts between  such  person  and
Borrower  (if  applicable).  Borrower  will  permit  Lender,  the
Inspecting Person and their representative to enter the Mortgaged
Property   for   the  purposes  of  inspecting  same.    Borrower
acknowledges that the duties of the Inspecting Person run  solely
to   Lender  and  that  the  Inspecting  Person  shall  have   no
obligations   or   responsibilities   whatsoever   to   Borrower,
Contractor,  the Design Professional, or to any of Borrower's  or
Contractor's agents, employees, contractors or subcontractors.

     V.9  BROKERS.  BORROWER WILL INDEMNIFY LENDER FROM CLAIMS OF
BROKERS  ARISING  BY  REASON  OF  THE  EXECUTION  HEREOF  OR  THE
CONSUMMATION  OF  THE  TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED  HEREBY  TO  THE
EXTENT  SUCH BROKER WAS CONTACTED OR HIRED BY BORROWER OR  EITHER
OF ITS JOINT VENTURERS.

     V.10  Personalty  and Fixtures.  Borrower  will  deliver  to
Lender,  on  demand,  any contracts, bills of  sale,  statements,
receipted  vouchers  or  agreements under which  Borrower  claims
title to any materials, fixtures or articles incorporated in  the
Phase  I Improvements or subject to the lien of the Deed of Trust
or to the security interest of the Security Agreement.

     V.11  Compliance  with Governmental Requirements.   Borrower
will comply promptly with all Governmental Requirements.

     V.12  Compliance with Restrictive Covenants.  Borrower  will
comply  with  all  restrictive covenants, if any,  affecting  the
Mortgaged Property. Construction of the Phase I Improvements will
be  performed  in  a  good  and workmanlike  manner,  within  the
perimeter  boundaries  of  the Land  and  within  all  applicable
building  and  setback lines in accordance with all  Governmental
Requirements  and the Plans and Specifications.  There  are,  and
will be, no structural defects in the Phase I Improvements.

     V.13  Affidavit of Commencement.  Borrower has filed in  the
appropriate records of the county in which the Land is  situated,
an  Affidavit  of  Commencement  ("Affidavit  of  Commencement"),
substantially  in  the  form of Exhibit  C  attached  hereto  and
incorporated herein by this reference, duly executed by  Borrower
and  Contractor.  The date of commencement of work set  forth  in
such  Affidavit of Commencement shall not be the date of or prior
to the date on which the original Deed of Trust was recorded.

     V.14  Affidavit  of Completion.  Borrower, within  ten  (10)
days  after  construction of the Phase I  Improvements  has  been
completed, shall file in the appropriate records in the county in
which the Land is situated an Affidavit of Completion ("Affidavit
of  Completion")  in  the form of Exhibit D attached  hereto  and
incorporated herein by this reference.

     V.15  Payment of Expenses.  Borrower shall pay or  reimburse
to  Lender all out-of-pocket costs and expenses relating  to  the
Mortgaged  Property and for which an Advance is  made,  including
(without  limitation), title insurance and  examination  charges,
survey costs, insurance premiums, filing and recording fees,  and
other  expenses payable to third parties incurred  by  Lender  in
connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

     V.16  Notices Received.  Borrower will promptly  deliver  to
Lender  a  true  and  correct copy of  all  notices  received  by
Borrower  from  any  person or entity with respect  to  Borrower,
Guarantor,  the Mortgaged Property, or any or all of them,  which
in  any  way  relates  to or affects the Loan  or  the  Mortgaged
Property.

     V.17 Advertising by Lender.  Borrower agrees that during the
term  of  the  Loan,  Borrower shall erect and  thereafter  shall
maintain on the Mortgaged Property one or more advertising  signs
furnished  by  Lender  indicating  that  the  financing  for  the
Mortgaged Property has been furnished by Lender.

     V.18  Approval to Lease Required.  Borrower will obtain  the
prior  written consent of Lender, which consent shall be  granted
or  denied  in  Lender's sole discretion, as to any tenant  lease
("Lease")  proposed to be entered into by Borrower for  space  in
the  Phase  I  Improvements  and will not  thereafter  materially
modify  any  Lease  as to the rental rate,  term  or  any  credit
enhancement issue without Lender's prior consent.  Lender  agrees
that  it  will respond to any request for review of a  Lease,  or
change  thereto,  within ten (10) days of receipt  of  a  written
request from Borrower.  Borrower agrees to submit to each  tenant
in connection with a proposed lease the Lender's required form of
Subordination,  Non-Disturbance  and  Attornment  Agreement  (the
"SNDA"), substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E.

     V.19 Statements and Reports.  Borrower agrees to deliver  to
Lender,  during the term of the Loan and until the Loan has  been
fully paid and satisfied, the following statements and reports:

          (a)   Annual, audited financial statements of Borrower,
     each  general  partner  of  Borrower  and  Guarantor  within
     ninety-five  (95) days after the end of each calendar  year,
     commencing in the calendar year 2002, prepared and certified
     to  by  Guarantor  and, in the case of Borrower,  the  chief
     financial officer of the general partner of Borrower;

          (b)     Monthly   marketing   reports   with   detailed
     information  as  to  leasing activities  shall  be  provided
     Lender  on  or  before  the  fifteenth  (15th)  day  of  the
     following month;

          (c)   Copies  of  all  state and  federal  tax  returns
     prepared  with respect to Borrower, each Guarantor  and  the
     general  partner of Borrower within ten (10)  days  of  such
     returns  being  filed with the Internal Revenue  Service  or
     applicable state authority;

          (d)   Copies of extension requests or similar documents
     with  respect  to  federal or state income tax  filings  for
     Borrower, each Guarantor and the general partner of Borrower
     within ten (10) days of such documents being filed with  the
     Internal Revenue Service or applicable state authority;

          (e)   Annual operating statements with respect  to  the
     Mortgaged  Property within ninety-five (95) days  after  the
     end  of each calendar year, prepared in such form and detail
     as  Lender  may  require  and  certified  to  by  the  chief
     financial officer of the general partner of Borrower;

          (f)   Monthly operating statements and a rent roll with
     respect to the Phase I Improvements, within thirty (30) days
     after  the  end  of  each  calendar month,  commencing  upon
     lease-up of said property, prepared in such form and  detail
     as  Lender  may  reasonably require and in  accordance  with
     generally accepted accounting principles and certified to by
     the  chief  financial  officer of  the  general  partner  of
     Borrower; and

          (g)   Such  other reports and statements as Lender  may
     reasonably require from time to time.

     V.20  Debt  Coverage. If, at any time after the commencement
of  the Loan Extension, the Borrower should maintain with respect
to  the  Mortgaged  Property a Debt Coverage  Ratio  (hereinafter
defined)  of less than 1.20, then Borrower must partially  prepay
the  Note  to  the  extent  of the Curative  Amount  (hereinafter
defined).

          (a)   Calculation.  The Debt Coverage Ratio calculation
     shall be undertaken for each three (3) month calendar period
     (the  "Calendar  Period").  The term "Debt  Coverage  Ratio"
     means  Net  Operating  Income (hereinafter  defined)  for  a
     Calendar   Period  divided  by  Debt  Service   Requirements
     (hereinafter  defined) with respect to  such  same  Calendar
     Period.    Borrower  shall  provide  written  evidence   and
     documents  to Lender indicating the calculations and  backup
     information  for the Debt Coverage Ratio for  each  Calendar
     Period within fifteen (15) days after the expiration of each
     such  Calendar  Period.  The Lender  shall  be  entitled  to
     request and require such backup documentation, including but
     not  limited to certified financial information, as  may  be
     reasonably required by the Lender in order to satisfy itself
     as to the correct calculation of the Debt Coverage Ratio for
     any Calendar Period.

          (b)   Debt Service Requirements.  For Calendar  Periods
     occurring  from  and after Loan Extension,  the  term  "Debt
     Service  Requirements" shall mean all principal and interest
     payments  with  respect to the Loan  which  would  be  owing
     during  such  Calendar  Period, based  upon  a  hypothetical
     payment schedule calculated using the outstanding balance of
     the Note at Loan Extension, utilizing an interest rate based
     upon  a  level-payment  mortgage  amortization  schedule  of
     twenty-five  (25)  years  and is the  greater  of:  (i)  two
     hundred  (200) basis points over the ten (10) year  Treasury
     Index, or (ii) eight and 50/100 percent (8.50%).

          (c)   Net  Operating Income.  The term  "Net  Operating
     Income" shall mean, for each applicable Calendar Period, the
     Gross  Income less Operating Expenses, determined on a  cash
     basis of accounting except as otherwise provided herein.  As
     used  herein, the following terms shall have the  respective
     meanings set forth below.

               (1)   Gross  Income.  The term "Gross Income"  for
          each  Calendar Period shall mean rentals, revenues  and
          other cash forms of consideration, received by, or paid
          to  or  for  the  account of or  for  the  benefit  of,
          Borrower   resulting  from  or  attributable   to   the
          operation,  leasing  and  occupancy  of  the  Mortgaged
          Property,  determined  on  a  cash  basis  (except   as
          specified herein), including, but not limited  to,  the
          following:

                    (i)   rents by any lessees or tenants of  the
               Mortgaged Property actually in occupancy;

                    (ii)  rents and receipts received by  or  for
               the  benefit of Borrower with respect to the  full
               or  partial  reimbursement of  Operating  Expenses
               from   any  lessee  or  tenant  of  the  Mortgaged
               Property;

                    (iii)      installments of proceeds  received
               by  or  for  the benefit of Borrower in connection
               with  any  rental  loss  or business  interruption
               insurance  with respect to the Mortgaged  Property
               calculated on an accrual basis;

                    (iv)  any  other fees or rents collected  by,
               for  or on behalf of Borrower with respect to  the
               leasing and operation of the Mortgaged Property;

                    (v)   any  refunds of deposits for obtaining,
               using  or maintaining utility services for all  or
               any portion of the Mortgaged Property;

                    (vi) interest, if any, earned by Borrower  on
               security  and other type deposits of  and  advance
               rentals  paid  by, any lessees or tenants  of  the
               Mortgaged Property; and

                    (vii)      the  amount  of any  security  and
               other  type deposits and advance rentals  relating
               to   the   Mortgaged  Property  which  have   been
               forfeited.

               Notwithstanding anything included within the above
          definition  of  Gross Income, there shall  be  excluded
          from  Gross Income the following:  (i) any security  or
          other deposits of lessees and tenants, unless and until
          the  same actually are either applied to actual rentals
          owed  or  other charges or fees or forfeited; (ii)  the
          proceeds  of any financing or refinancing with  respect
          to all or any part of the Mortgaged Property; (iii) the
          proceeds  of  any  sale  or other  capital  transaction
          (excluding leases for occupancy purposes only)  of  all
          or  any  portion  of the Mortgaged Property;  (iv)  any
          insurance or condemnation proceeds paid with respect to
          the  Mortgaged  Property, except  for  rental  loss  or
          business  interruption insurance; and (v) any insurance
          and  condemnation proceeds applied in reduction of  the
          principal of the Note in accordance with the  terms  of
          the   Deed  of  Trust  or  the  other  Loan  Documents;
          provided,  however, nothing set forth herein  shall  in
          any  manner  imply  the Lender's  consent  to  a  sale,
          refinancing or other capital transaction.

               (2)   Operating  Expenses.   The  term  "Operating
          Expenses"  shall mean the greater of (a) the  pro-forma
          expenses  (as assumed in the Appraisal dated March  16,
          2001, prepared by Frederick & Hornsby) allocable to the
          applicable  period which shall be not less  than  $7.99
          per square foot for either the Phase I Improvements  or
          the  Phase II Improvements (inclusive of the management
          fee),  or (b) those amounts actually incurred and  paid
          with  respect to the ownership, operation,  management,
          leasing   and  occupancy  of  the  Mortgaged  Property,
          determined  on  a  cash  basis,  except  as   otherwise
          specified  herein, including, but not limited  to,  any
          and  all  of the following (but without duplication  of
          any item):

                    (i)   ad  valorem  taxes  calculated  on   an
               accrual  basis  (and  not on the  cash  basis)  of
               accounting  for the Calendar Period; such  accrual
               accounting  for  ad valorem taxes shall  be  based
               upon  taxes  actually  assessed  for  the  current
               calendar  year,  or  if such  assessment  for  the
               current  calendar  year has not  been  made,  then
               until such assessment has been made (and with  any
               retroactive adjustments for prior calendar  months
               as  may  ultimately  be  needed  when  the  actual
               assessments  has been made) ad valorem  taxes  for
               the  Calendar Period shall be estimated  based  on
               the   last   such  assessment  for  the  Mortgaged
               Property;

                    (ii)  foreign, U.S., state and  local  sales,
               use  or other taxes, except for taxes measured  by
               net income;

                    (iii)     installments of special assessments
               or  similar charges against the Mortgaged Property
               calculated on an accrual basis;

                    (iv) costs of utilities, air conditioning and
               heating  for the Mortgaged Property to the  extent
               not directly paid by lessees or tenants;

                    (v)   maintenance and repair  costs  for  the
               Mortgaged Property;

                    (vi)  management fees provided, however,  the
               amount  of  such  management  fees  which  may  be
               charged  hereunder shall not be less than the  sum
               of  four percent (4%) of the Gross Income for each
               applicable calendar month;

                    (vii)       all  salaries,  wages  and  other
               benefits  to  "on-site" employees of the  Borrower
               (excluding all salaries, wages and other  benefits
               of  officers and supervisory personnel, and  other
               general   overhead  expenses   of   Borrower   and
               Borrower's    property   manager)   employed    in
               connection  with  the  leasing,  maintenance   and
               management of the Mortgaged Property;

                    (viii)    insurance premiums calculated on an
               accrual  basis  (and  not on the  cash  basis)  of
               accounting  for the Calendar Period; such  accrual
               accounting for insurance premiums shall  be  based
               upon  the  insurance premiums  for  the  Mortgaged
               Property  which was last billed to  the  Borrower,
               adjusted to an annualized premium if necessary;

                    (ix)  to  the  extent  not  included  in  the
               Budget,   costs,  including  leasing  commissions,
               advertising  and promotion costs,  to  obtain  new
               leases or to extend or renew existing leases,  and
               the costs of work performed and materials provided
               to  ready  tenant space in the Mortgaged  Property
               for   new   or  renewal  occupancy  under  leases;
               provided,  however, such costs shall be  amortized
               throughout the period of the primary term  of  the
               applicable Lease;

                    (x)   outside accounting and audit  fees  and
               costs  and  administrative expenses in  connection
               with  the direct operation and management  of  the
               Mortgaged Property;  and

                    (xi)  any  payments, and any related interest
               thereon,  to  lessees or tenants of the  Mortgaged
               Property  with  respect to  security  deposits  or
               other deposits required to be paid to tenants  but
               only to the extent any such security deposits  and
               related  interest  thereon  have  been  previously
               included in Gross Income.

               Notwithstanding anything to the contrary as  being
          included in the definition of Operating Expenses, there
          shall   be   excluded  from  Operating   Expenses   the
          following:   (i)  depreciation and any  other  non-cash
          deduction  allowed to Borrower for income tax purposes,
          and  (ii)  costs incurred to obtain new  leases  or  to
          extend  or renew existing leases to the extent included
          in  the  Budget (i.e., leasing commissions, advertising
          and  promotion  costs,  costs  of  work  performed  and
          material  provided  to  ready  tenant  space   in   the
          Mortgaged Property).

          (d)   Curative Amount.  In the event the Debt  Coverage
     Ratio for any Calendar Period should be less than 1.20,  and
     unless   Borrower  otherwise  elects  to  pledge  Additional
     Collateral  as  provided  in Section  5.20(e)  below,  then,
     within  fifteen  (15)  days after written  notice  from  the
     Lender  to Borrower, Borrower shall prepay a portion of  the
     Note  (the  "Curative  Amount") such  that  a  minimum  Debt
     Coverage Ratio of 1.20 or more is created based on  (1)  the
     actual  Net  Operating Income for the immediately  preceding
     Calendar  Period and (2) a revised Debt Service  Requirement
     for  the then current Calendar Period, determined as of  the
     beginning  of  such Calendar Period, which  results  from  a
     reamortization  of  such  reduced  balance   of   the   Loan
     sufficient  to  fully amortize such Loan on a  level-payment
     mortgage  amortization basis in 25-years from  the  date  of
     Loan  Extension.   Failure of Borrower to  timely  fund  any
     required  Curative  Amount shall  be  deemed  an  "Event  of
     Default" pursuant to this Agreement in addition to any other
     "Events of Default" specified herein.

          (e)  Pledge of Liquid Collateral.  As an alternative to
     payment  of the Curative Amount, Borrower shall be entitled,
     in the event the Debt Coverage Ratio for any Calendar Period
     should  be  determined  to  be less  than  1.20,  to  pledge
     additional collateral to secure the Loan.  The collateral to
     be  so  pledged to the Lender must be in the form  of  cash,
     certificates of deposit, letters of credit, stocks, bonds or
     other  highly liquid investments acceptable in all  respects
     to  the  Lender  in  its sole and absolute  discretion  (for
     purposes of this Agreement, the term "Additional Collateral"
     shall  mean and refer to such additional collateral as shall
     be  approved  by  the Lender and pledged  pursuant  to  this
     Section  5.20[e]).   The amount or value of  the  Additional
     Collateral required to be pledged shall be a function of the
     liquidation value of such collateral, as determined  by  the
     Lender  in  its  reasonable discretion, and  shall  be  such
     amount  properly margined (i.e., the liquidation  value)  as
     would,  if  subtracted from the total amount of indebtedness
     evidenced  and represented by the Note at such time,  result
     in  a  Debt  Coverage Ratio (calculated as  provided  above)
     equal to 1.20.  In connection with such pledge of Additional
     Collateral,  and  not  later than fifteen  (15)  days  after
     written  notice  from the Lender to Borrower  of  Borrower's
     obligation  to either pay the Curative Amount or  to  pledge
     the  Additional Collateral, and provided that  Borrower  has
     not  instead paid the Curative Amount required at that  time
     pursuant  to  Section 5.20(d) above, Borrower shall  execute
     and   deliver   to  the  Lender  all  pledge  and   security
     agreements,  financing  statements  and  other  instruments,
     certificates  and agreements as the Lender shall  reasonably
     require,  and  shall  deliver to the Lender  the  Additional
     Collateral     or     such    instruments,     certificates,
     acknowledgments,  stock  powers, authorizations,  powers  of
     attorney,  consents and any and all other documentation,  as
     executed  by all appropriate parties as may be necessary  to
     effectuate  the  collateral pledge and  assignment  of  such
     collateral  to  the Lender, as the Lender  and  its  counsel
     shall  reasonably deem necessary or appropriate.  If,  after
     the  Borrower's provision of Additional Collateral, the Debt
     Coverage  Ratio should improve so as to be 1.20 or more  for
     any   Calendar  Period  (without  taking  into  account  the
     Additional Collateral), then Borrower shall be entitled to a
     release  of  the  Additional  Collateral.   Borrower   shall
     thereafter be required to either pay to Lender the  Curative
     Amount  or repledge Additional Collateral to the extent  the
     required  Debt Coverage Ratio should fail to be  met  during
     any  subsequent  Calendar  Period  and  shall  likewise   be
     entitled  to  a re-release of any such subsequently  pledged
     Additional   Collateral  consistent  with  the   immediately
     preceding sentence.

                           ARTICLE VI

                      PHASE II CONDITIONS

     VI.1 Agreement to Lend Additional Funds Under the Note.   As
set  forth in Section 2.1 above, Lender has agreed to lend up  to
but   not   in   excess  of  $9,175,000.00  in  connection   with
construction  of the Phase I Improvements.  Lender hereby  agrees
to   lend   up  to  the  additional  sum  of  $9,175,000.00   for
construction of the Phase II Improvements, such total loan amount
not  to exceed the sum of $18,350,000.00 as evidenced by the Note
provided that the following conditions are satisfied by Borrower:

          (a)    At  least  seventy-five  percent  (75%)  of  the
     rentable  space in the Phase I Improvements has been  leased
     on  terms  and conditions and with tenants approved  by  the
     Lender  and written leases for said space have been executed
     and delivered to the Lender, together with a tenant estoppel
     certificate    and   subordination,   non-disturbance    and
     attornment  agreement,  each of which  shall  be  reasonably
     satisfactory to the Lender in form and substance  from  each
     tenant who has entered into a lease for space in the Phase I
     Improvements;

          (b)  No Event of Default, or any event, circumstance or
     action of which the Borrower is aware (by notice from Lender
     or  otherwise), and with the passage of time or  failure  to
     cure  would  give rise to an Event of Default, has  occurred
     and  is  then existing either under the Loan or  under  that
     certain   $30,000,000.00  loan  from   Lender   to   Stratus
     Properties,  Inc. dated the 16th day of December,  1999,  as
     modified  on  December 27, 2000, and  which  is  secured  by
     multiple  properties located in Travis, Hays, Bexar,  Denton
     and   Harris   Counties,  Texas,  or  under   that   certain
     $6,600,000.00  loan from Lender to Stratus 7000  West  Joint
     Venture  dated  April  9, 1999, which  is  secured  by  that
     certain office building located in Travis County, Texas (the
     "$6,600,000.00 Stratus 7000 West Loan"), said  $6,600,000.00
     Stratus  7000  West  Loan having been modified  pursuant  to
     Modification Agreement dated August 16, 1999, or under  that
     certain $7,700,000.00 loan from Lender to Stratus 7000  West
     Joint  Venture dated February 24, 2000, which is secured  by
     that certain office building located in Travis County, Texas
     (the "$7,700,000.00 Stratus 7000 West Loan").

          (c)   No event, claim, liability or circumstance  shall
     have occurred which, in the Lender's determination, could be
     expected to have or have had a Material Adverse Effect;

          (d)   There shall have been no material adverse  change
     in the Austin, Texas office market;

          (e)  Lender shall have received an updated appraisal in
     form and substance acceptable to the Lender;

          (f)   The  first Advance under the Note for the funding
     of  the  Phase II Improvements shall commence no later  than
     twelve (12) months from the date hereof; and
          (g)     Borrower   shall   have   furnished    evidence
     satisfactory  to  Lender that it has contributed  additional
     equity  (over and above the equity contributed in connection
     with  the  Phase I Improvements) of either cash or the  Land
     (at  its  fair market value) in an amount of not  less  than
     $2,918,632.00.

Provided  the above conditions are satisfied within  twelve  (12)
months from the date hereof, then Borrower and Lender agree  that
a  modification  agreement acceptable to  the  parties  shall  be
entered into and which shall contain the following terms for  the
funds to be advanced for the Phase II Improvements as follows:

          (a)  The interest rate for the funds to be advanced for
     the  Phase II Improvements shall be the same as the interest
     rate set forth in the Note of even date herewith;

          (b)  A 0.50% commitment fee shall be due and payable in
     advance  for the $9,175,000.00 in loan funds to be  advanced
     for the Phase II Improvements;

          (c)   The  term  of the indebtedness for the  Phase  II
     funds  shall  be twenty-four (24) months from funding,  with
     one  twelve  (12)  month  extension option,  such  extension
     option  to be granted provided the terms and conditions  set
     forth  in  Section 2.9 above are also met for the  Phase  II
     Improvements;

          (d)   The Cross-Default Agreement of even date herewith
     executed by Guarantor shall be in full force and effect  and
     no Event of Default shall have occurred thereunder;

          (e)    All  of  the  conditions  and  requirements  for
     advances  as  set forth in Section 3.1 above shall  also  be
     required  for  any  advances  requested  for  the  Phase  II
     Improvements, and all of the covenants of Borrower set forth
     in Article V above and the representations and warranties of
     Borrower  set forth in Article IV above shall be  reaffirmed
     and applicable to the Phase II Improvements.

     VI.2  Borrower's Right to Purchase the Note.  Borrower shall
have the right, at Borrower's option by written notice to Lender,
to  purchase the Note, related loan documents and liens  securing
same (collectively, this "Construction Loan") from Lender for the
sum  of all funds advanced by Lender under the Note provided that
Borrower  has  released, or simultaneously  with  such  purchase,
causes  the release of any liens of Lender against the  Mortgaged
Property  securing the Senior Debt (defined below) in  accordance
with  the Release Provisions set forth in Addendum 3 of the  Loan
Agreement  dated  December 16, 1999 between  Lender  and  Stratus
Properties,  Inc.,  Stratus  Properties  Operating   Co.,   L.P.,
Circle  C Land Corp., and Austin 290 Properties, Inc. (as amended
from  time to time, the "Stratus Loan Agreement"), which  Stratus
Loan  Agreement  sets  forth  the  terms  and  conditions  of   a
$30,000,000.00  loan  from Lender to said entities  (the  "Senior
Debt") and which Senior Debt is currently secured by a prior lien
on  the Mortgaged Property pursuant to that certain prior deed of
trust  dated  December  16,  1999  and  recorded  under  Document
No.  1999158707 of the Official Public Records of Travis  County,
Texas,   as  modified  by  instrument  recorded  under   Document
No.  2000204551 of the Official Public Records of Travis  County,
Texas.    Borrower   may  assign  its  right  to   purchase   the
Construction  Loan  to  a third party.  Any  acquisition  of  the
Construction  Loan  by  Borrower,  or  its  assignee,   will   be
consummated  pursuant  to  an endorsement  to  the  Note  and  an
assignment of note and liens in form reasonably acceptable to the
Borrower  and the Lender.  Borrower and Lender will  endeavor  to
consummate the sale and purchase of the Construction Loan  within
fourteen  (14)  days  of Borrower's exercise  of  its  option  to
acquire the Construction Loan.

                          ARTICLE VII

                          ASSIGNMENTS

     VII.1       Assignment   of   Construction   Contract.    As
additional security for the payment of the Loan, Borrower  hereby
collaterally  transfers and assigns to Lender all  of  Borrower's
rights  and interest, but not its obligations, in, under  and  to
each   Construction  Contract  upon  the  following   terms   and
conditions:

          (a0  Borrower represents and warrants that the copy  of
     each  Construction Contract the Borrower  has  furnished  or
     will  furnish to Lender is or will be (as applicable) a true
     and complete copy thereof, including all amendments thereto,
     if  any, and that Borrower's interest therein is not subject
     to any claim, setoff or encumbrance.

          (b0   Neither this assignment nor any action by  Lender
     shall  constitute an assumption by Lender of any obligations
     under any Construction Contract, and Borrower shall continue
     to  be  liable  for all obligations of Borrower  thereunder,
     Borrower  hereby agreeing to perform all of its  obligations
     under  each  Construction  Contract.   BORROWER  AGREES   TO
     INDEMNIFY  AND  HOLD LENDER HARMLESS AGAINST  AND  FROM  ANY
     LOSS,  COST, LIABILITY OR EXPENSE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
     TO  ATTORNEYS' FEES) RESULTING FROM ANY FAILURE OF  BORROWER
     TO SO PERFORM.

          (c0   Following any required notice and opportunity  to
     cure,  Lender  shall have the right at any  time  thereafter
     (but shall have no obligation) to take in its name or in the
     name  of  Borrower such action as Lender  may  at  any  time
     determine  to be necessary or advisable to cure any  default
     under any Construction Contract or to protect the rights  of
     Borrower  or  Lender  thereunder.   LENDER  SHALL  INCUR  NO
     LIABILITY  IF  ANY ACTION SO TAKEN BY IT OR  IN  ITS  BEHALF
     SHALL PROVE TO BE INADEQUATE OR INVALID, AND BORROWER AGREES
     TO  INDEMNIFY AND HOLD LENDER HARMLESS AGAINST AND FROM  ANY
     LOSS,  COST, LIABILITY OR EXPENSE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
     TO  REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES) INCURRED IN CONNECTION  WITH
     ANY SUCH ACTION.

          (d0    Borrower  hereby  irrevocably  constitutes   and
     appoints  Lender  as  Borrower's attorney-in-fact  effective
     upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, in Borrower's or
     Lender's name, to enforce all rights of Borrower under  each
     Construction Contract. Such appointment is coupled  with  an
     interest and is therefore irrevocable.

          (e0   Prior  to the occurrence of an Event of  Default,
     Borrower  shall  have the right to exercise  its  rights  as
     owner  under  each  Construction  Contract,  provided   that
     Borrower shall not cancel or amend any Construction Contract
     or  do  or suffer to be done any act which would impair  the
     security  constituted by this assignment without  the  prior
     written consent of Lender.

          (f0   This  assignment shall inure to  the  benefit  of
     Lender  and  its successors and assigns, any purchaser  upon
     foreclosure of the Deed of Trust, any receiver in possession
     of  the  Mortgaged  Property and any corporation  affiliated
     with  Lender  which assumes Lender's rights and  obligations
     under this Agreement.

     VII.2      Assignment  of  Plans  and  Specifications.    As
additional  security  for the Loan, Borrower hereby  collaterally
transfers  and assigns to Lender all of Borrower's  right,  title
and  interest in and to the Plans and Specifications  and  hereby
represents and warrants to and agrees with Lender as follows:

          (a0   Each schedule of the Plans and Specifications for
     the  Phase  I  Improvements delivered or to be delivered  to
     Lender  is  and shall be a complete and accurate description
     of such Plans and Specifications.

          (b0   The  Plans  and Specifications for  the  Phase  I
     Improvements are and shall be complete and adequate for  the
     construction of the Phase I Improvements and there have been
     no   modifications  thereof  except  as  described  in  such
     schedule.   The  Plans  and  Specifications  shall  not   be
     modified without the prior consent of Lender.

          (c0   Lender  may use the Plans and Specifications  for
     the  Phase  I Improvements for any purpose relating  to  the
     Phase   I   Improvements,  including  but  not  limited   to
     inspections  of  construction  and  the  completion  of  the
     Phase I Improvements.

          (d0   Lender's acceptance of this assignment shall  not
     constitute  approval  of  the Plans  and  Specifications  by
     Lender.  Lender has no liability or obligation in connection
     with the Plans and Specifications and no responsibility  for
     the adequacy thereof or for the construction of the Phase  I
     Improvements  contemplated by the Plans  and  Specifications
     for  the  Improvements.  Lender has no duty to  inspect  the
     Phase  I  Improvements,  and if Lender  should  inspect  the
     Phase  I  Improvements, Lender shall have  no  liability  or
     obligation  to  Borrower or any other party arising  out  of
     such  inspection.   No such inspection nor  any  failure  by
     Lender  to  make objections after any such inspection  shall
     constitute  a  representation by Lender  that  the  Phase  I
     Improvements   are  in  accordance  with   the   Plans   and
     Specifications  or  any other requirement  or  constitute  a
     waiver  of  Lender's  right thereafter to  insist  that  the
     Phase  I Improvements be constructed in accordance with  the
     Plans and Specifications or any other requirement.

          (e0   This  assignment shall inure to  the  benefit  of
     Lender  and  its successors and assigns, any purchaser  upon
     foreclosure of the Deed of Trust, any receiver in possession
     of  the  Mortgaged  Property and any corporation  affiliated
     with  Lender  which assumes Lender's rights and  obligations
     under this Agreement.

     VII.3      Assignment  of  Design  Services  Contract.    As
additional security for the payment of the Loan, Borrower  hereby
collaterally  transfers and assigns to Lender all  of  Borrower's
rights  and interest, but not its obligations, in, under  and  to
each  Design  Services  Contract upon  the  following  terms  and
conditions:

          (a0  Borrower represents and warrants that the copy  of
     each Design Services Contract the Borrower has furnished  or
     will  furnish to Lender is or will be (as applicable) a true
     and complete copy thereof, including all amendments thereto,
     if  any, and that Borrower's interest therein is not subject
     to any claim, setoff or encumbrance.

          (b0   Neither this assignment nor any action by  Lender
     shall  constitute an assumption by Lender of any obligations
     under  any  Design  Services Contract,  and  Borrower  shall
     continue  to  be  liable  for all  obligations  of  Borrower
     thereunder, Borrower hereby agreeing to perform all  of  its
     obligations  under each Design Services Contract.   BORROWER
     AGREES  TO  INDEMNIFY AND HOLD LENDER HARMLESS  AGAINST  AND
     FROM ANY LOSS, COST, LIABILITY OR EXPENSE (INCLUDING BUT NOT
     LIMITED  TO  ATTORNEYS' FEES) RESULTING FROM ANY FAILURE  OF
     BORROWER TO SO PERFORM.

          (c0   Following any required notice and opportunity  to
     cure,  Lender  shall have the right at any  time  thereafter
     (but shall have no obligation) to take in its name or in the
     name  of  Borrower such action as Lender  may  at  any  time
     determine  to be necessary or advisable to cure any  default
     under  any Design Services Contract or to protect the rights
     of  Borrower  or Lender thereunder.  LENDER SHALL  INCUR  NO
     LIABILITY  IF  ANY ACTION SO TAKEN BY IT OR  IN  ITS  BEHALF
     SHALL PROVE TO BE INADEQUATE OR INVALID, AND BORROWER AGREES
     TO  INDEMNIFY AND HOLD LENDER HARMLESS AGAINST AND FROM  ANY
     LOSS,  COST, LIABILITY OR EXPENSE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
     TO  REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES) INCURRED IN CONNECTION  WITH
     ANY SUCH ACTION.

          (d0    Borrower  hereby  irrevocably  constitutes   and
     appoints  Lender  as  Borrower's attorney-in-fact  effective
     upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, in Borrower's or
     Lender's name, to enforce all rights of Borrower under  each
     Design  Services Contract. Such appointment is coupled  with
     an interest and is therefore irrevocable.

          (e0   Prior  to the occurrence of an Event of  Default,
     Borrower  shall  have the right to exercise  its  rights  as
     owner  under  each Design Services Contract,  provided  that
     Borrower  shall  not  cancel or amend  any  Design  Services
     Contract  or  do  or suffer to be done any act  which  would
     impair  the security constituted by this assignment  without
     the prior written consent of Lender.

          (f0   This  assignment shall inure to  the  benefit  of
     Lender  and  its successors and assigns, any purchaser  upon
     foreclosure of the Deed of Trust, any receiver in possession
     of  the  Mortgaged  Property and any corporation  affiliated
     with  Lender  which assumes Lender's rights and  obligations
     under this Agreement.

     VII.4      Assignment of Proceeds.  Borrower hereby  further
collaterally  transfers  and assigns to Lender  and  acknowledges
that  Lender  shall be entitled to receive (i) any and  all  sums
which  may  be  awarded  and  become  payable  to  Borrower   for
condemnation of all or any portion of the Mortgaged Property,  or
(ii)  the  proceeds of any and all insurance upon  the  Mortgaged
Property  (other  than the proceeds of general  public  liability
insurance).

          (a0   Borrower  shall, upon request  of  Lender,  make,
     execute,  acknowledge  and deliver any  and  all  additional
     assignments and documents as may be necessary from  time  to
     time to enable Lender to collect and receipt for any of such
     insurance or condemnation proceeds.

          (b0   Lender  shall  not be, under  any  circumstances,
     liable  or  responsible for failure to collect, or  exercise
     diligence in the collection of, any of such sums.

          (c0   Any  sums so received by Lender pursuant to  this
     Section  7.4  may, in Lender's sole discretion, be  provided
     back  to Borrower for restoration of the Mortgaged Property,
     in   the  amounts,  manner,  method  and  pursuant  to  such
     requirements in documents as Lender may require, or shall be
     applied to the liquidation of the Indebtedness in accordance
     with  the  provisions of Section 7.4 of the Deed  of  Trust;
     provided,  however, if Lender determines that the  Mortgaged
     Property can be restored prior to the maturity date  of  the
     Note, and no Event of Default exists, then Lender will apply
     the proceeds to the restoration of the Mortgaged Property.

                          ARTICLE VIII

                       EVENTS OF DEFAULT

     VIII.1     Events  of Default.  Each of the following  shall
constitute an "Event of Default" hereunder:

          (a0  If Borrower shall fail, refuse, or neglect to pay,
     in  full, any installment or portion of the Indebtedness  as
     and  when the same shall become due and payable, whether  at
     the  due date thereof stipulated in the Loan Documents, upon
     acceleration  or otherwise and such default  shall  continue
     for a period of ten (10) calendar days beyond any due date.

          (b0   If  Borrower shall fail, refuse  or  neglect,  or
     cause  others  to fail, refuse, or neglect to  comply  with,
     perform   and  discharge  fully  and  timely  any   of   the
     Obligations  as and when called for, and such failure  shall
     continue  for  a  period of ten (10) days after  receipt  of
     written  notice  from  Lender; provided,  however,  Borrower
     shall have the right to attempt to cure said default for  up
     to  an additional thirty (30) days if Borrower is diligently
     prosecuting a cure of said default.

          (c0  If any representation, warranty, or statement made
     by  Borrower, Guarantor, or others in, under, or pursuant to
     the  Loan  Documents  or any affidavit or  other  instrument
     executed or delivered with respect to the Loan Documents  or
     the  Indebtedness is determined by Lender  to  be  false  or
     misleading in any material respect as of the date hereof  or
     thereof  or  shall  become  so at  any  time  prior  to  the
     repayment in full of the Indebtedness.

          (d0   If  Borrower shall default or commit an event  of
     default under and pursuant to any other mortgage or security
     agreement  which covers or affects any part of the Mortgaged
     Property  which  is  not cured within any  notice  or  grace
     period.

          (e0  If an Event of Default occurs under either (i) the
     $6,600,000.00  Stratus 7000 West Loan  as  defined  in  that
     certain  Construction Loan Agreement dated  April  9,  1999,
     between Lender and Stratus 7000 West Joint Venture; or under
     (ii) the $7,700,000.00 Stratus 7000 West Loan as defined  in
     that certain Construction Loan Agreement dated February  24,
     2000, between Lender and Stratus 7000 West Joint Venture.

          (f0   If  Borrower (i) shall execute an assignment  for
     the  benefit  of  creditors or an admission  in  writing  by
     Borrower  of  Borrower's inability  to  pay,  or  Borrower's
     failure to pay, debts generally as the debts become due;  or
     (ii) shall allow the levy against the Mortgaged Property  or
     any    part   thereof,   of   any   execution,   attachment,
     sequestration  or  other writ which is  not  vacated  within
     sixty  days  after  the  levy;  or  (iii)  shall  allow  the
     appointment of a receiver, trustee or custodian of  Borrower
     or  of  the  Mortgaged Property or any part  thereof,  which
     receiver,  trustee  or  custodian is not  discharged  within
     sixty  (60) days after the appointment; or (iv) files  as  a
     debtor a petition, case, proceeding or other action pursuant
     to,  or voluntarily seeks of the benefit or benefits of  any
     Debtor  Relief  Law (as defined in the Deed  of  Trust),  or
     takes any action in furtherance thereof; or (v) files either
     a  petition,  complaint,  answer or other  instrument  which
     seeks to effect a suspension of, or which has the effect  of
     suspending  any  of the rights or powers of  Lender  or  the
     trustee under the Deed of Trust granted in the Note,  herein
     or  in  any  Loan Document; or (vi) allows the filing  of  a
     petition, case, proceeding or other action against  Borrower
     as a debtor under any Debtor Relief Law or seeks appointment
     of  a receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator of Borrower
     or of the Mortgaged Property, or any part thereof, or of any
     significant   portion  of  Borrower's  other  property   and
     (a)  Borrower  admits, acquiesces in  or  fails  to  contest
     diligently  the  material allegations thereof,  or  (b)  the
     petition,  case, proceeding or other action results  in  the
     entry  of  an order for relief or order granting the  relief
     sought   against  Borrower,  or  (c)  the  petition,   case,
     proceeding  or other action is not permanently dismissed  or
     discharged  on  or  before the earlier of trial  thereon  or
     sixty (60) days next following the date of filing.

          (g0  If Borrower, any Constituent Party (as defined  in
     the  Deed  of Trust), or any Guarantor, shall die, dissolve,
     terminate  or  liquidate, or merge with or  be  consolidated
     into any other entity, or become permanently disabled.

          (h0   If  Borrower creates, places, or  permits  to  be
     created  or  placed, or through any act or failure  to  act,
     acquiesces  in  the  placing of, or allows  to  remain,  any
     Subordinate Mortgage, regardless of whether such Subordinate
     Mortgage  is expressly subordinate to the liens or  security
     interests  of  the  Loan  Documents,  with  respect  to  the
     Mortgaged Property, other than the Permitted Exceptions.

          (i0  If Borrower makes a Disposition, without the prior
     written consent of Lender.

          (j0   If  any condemnation proceeding is instituted  or
     threatened   which   would,  in  Lender's   sole   judgment,
     materially  impair the use and enjoyment  of  the  Mortgaged
     Property for its intended purposes.

          (k0    If   the   Mortgaged  Property  is   demolished,
     destroyed,  or  substantially damaged so that,  in  Lender's
     judgment,  it  cannot be restored or rebuilt with  available
     funds  to the condition existing immediately prior  to  such
     demolition,  destruction,  or  damage  within  a  reasonable
     period of time.

          (l0   If  Lender reasonably determines that  any  event
     shall  have  occurred  that could  be  expected  to  have  a
     Material Adverse Effect.

          (m0   If  Borrower abandons all or any portion  of  the
     Mortgaged Property.

          (n0   The  occurrence  of  any  event  referred  to  in
     Sections  8.1(e)  and  (f)  hereof  with  respect   to   any
     Guarantor,  Constituent  Party or  other  person  or  entity
     obligated  in  any manner to pay or perform the Indebtedness
     or  Obligations, respectively, or any part  thereof  (as  if
     such  Guarantor, Constituent Party or other person or entity
     were the "Borrower" in such Sections).

          (o0   An Event of Default as defined in any of the Loan
     Documents.

          (p0   If  the  construction of the Phase I Improvements
     are,  at  any time, (i) discontinued due to acts or  matters
     within  Borrower's control for a period of ten (10) or  more
     consecutive  days,  (ii)  not  carried  on  with  reasonable
     dispatch,  or  (iii) not completed by the  Completion  Date;
     subject,  however,  to Force Majeure (hereinafter  defined).
     "Force  Majeure"  shall be deemed to mean that  Borrower  is
     delayed or hindered in or prevented from the performance  of
     any act required hereunder, not the failure of Borrower,  by
     reason  of  (i) inability to procure materials or reasonable
     substitutes  thereof,  (ii) failure of  power,  (iii)  civil
     commotion, riots, insurrection or war, (iv) unavoidable fire
     or  other casualty, or acts of God (v) strikes, lockouts  or
     other   labor   disputes  (not  by  Borrower's   employees),
     (vi) restrictive governmental law or regulation, (vii) delay
     by Lender of any act required of it hereunder, or (viii) any
     other   causes  of  a  like  nature  to  the  above   listed
     (i)  through  (vii).  Financial inability  on  the  part  of
     Borrower  shall not be construed a Force Majeure  hereunder.
     Borrower  agrees  to  use its best  efforts  to  resume  the
     construction  of  the  Phase  I  Improvements  as  soon   as
     practicable  after the cause of such delay has been  removed
     or cancelled.

          (q0  If Borrower is unable to satisfy any condition  of
     Borrower's right to receive Advances hereunder for a  period
     in excess of thirty (30) days after Lender's refusal to make
     any further Advances.

          (r0  If Borrower executes any conditional bill of sale,
     chattel  mortgage or other security instrument covering  any
     materials,  fixtures or articles intended to be incorporated
     in the Phase I Improvements or the appurtenances thereto, or
     covering articles of personal property placed in the Phase I
     Improvements,  or  files  a financing  statement  publishing
     notice  of  such  security instrument, or  if  any  of  such
     materials, fixtures or articles are not purchased in such  a
     manner  that the ownership thereof vests unconditionally  in
     Borrower, free from encumbrances, on delivery at the Phase I
     Improvements, or if Borrower does not produce to Lender upon
     reasonable  demand the contracts, bills of sale, statements,
     receipted  vouchers  or agreements, or any  of  them,  under
     which Borrower claims title to such materials, fixtures  and
     articles.

          (s0   If any levy, attachment or garnishment is issued,
     or  if any lien for the performance of work or the supply of
     materials  is  filed,  against any  part  of  the  Mortgaged
     Property  and remains unsatisfied or unbonded following  the
     earlier  of (i) fifteen (15) days after the date  of  filing
     thereof or (ii) the requesting by Borrower of an Advance.

     VIII.2     Remedies.  Lender shall have the right, upon  the
happening  of an Event of Default, in addition to any  rights  or
remedies available to it under all other Loan Documents, to enter
into possession of the Mortgaged Property and perform any and all
work and labor necessary to complete the Phase I Improvements  in
accordance  with the Plans and Specifications.   All  amounts  so
expended  by  Lender shall be deemed to have  been  disbursed  to
Borrower as Loan proceeds and secured by the Deed of Trust.   For
this  purpose,  Borrower hereby constitutes and  appoints  (which
appointment  is  coupled  with  an  interest  and  is   therefore
irrevocable)    Lender   as   Borrower's    true    and    lawful
attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution to complete the
Phase I Improvements in the name of Borrower, and hereby empowers
Lender,  acting as Borrower's attorney-in-fact, as  follows:   to
use  any  funds of Borrower, including any balance which  may  be
held  in  escrow, any Borrower's Deposit and any funds which  may
remain  unadvanced hereunder, for the purpose of  completing  the
Phase  I  Improvements in the manner called for by the Plans  and
Specifications;   to  make  such  additions   and   changes   and
corrections  in  the  Plans  and Specifications  which  shall  be
necessary  or  desirable to complete the Phase I Improvements  in
the  manner  contemplated  by the Plans  and  Specifications;  to
continue   all   or  any  existing  construction   contracts   or
subcontracts; to employ such contractors, subcontractors, agents,
design professionals and inspectors as shall be required for said
purposes;  to  pay, settle or compromise all existing  bills  and
claims  which are or may be liens against the Mortgaged Property,
or  may be necessary or desirable for the completion of the  work
or  the  clearing  of title; to execute all the applications  and
certificates in the name of Borrower which may be required by any
construction  contract; and to do any and every act with  respect
to  the  construction of the Phase I Improvements which  Borrower
could  do in Borrower's own behalf.  Lender, acting as Borrower's
attorney-in-fact, shall also have power to prosecute  and  defend
all  actions  or  proceedings in connection  with  the  Mortgaged
Property and to take such action and require such performance  as
is deemed necessary.


                           ARTICLE IX

         LENDER'S DISCLAIMERS - BORROWER'S INDEMNITIES

     IX.1  No Obligation by Lender to Construct.  Lender  has  no
liability  or  obligation whatsoever or howsoever  in  connection
with  the Mortgaged Property or the development, construction  or
completion  thereof  or  work  performed  thereon,  and  has   no
obligation except to disburse the Loan proceeds as herein agreed,
Lender  is not obligated to inspect the Phase I Improvements  nor
is  Lender  liable, and under no circumstances  whatsoever  shall
Lender be or become liable, for the performance or default of any
contractor  or  subcontractor, or for any failure  to  construct,
complete, protect or insure the Mortgaged Property, or  any  part
thereof,  or  for the payment of any cost or expense incurred  in
connection therewith, or for the performance or nonperformance of
any  obligation  of Borrower or Guarantor to Lender  nor  to  any
other  person,  firm  or  entity  without  limitation.   Nothing,
including  without limitation, any disbursement of Loan  proceeds
or  the  Borrower's  Deposit nor acceptance of  any  document  or
instrument,  shall  be  construed as  such  a  representation  or
warranty, express or implied, on Lender's part.

     IX.2  No  Obligation  by Lender to  Operate.   Any  term  or
condition   of  any  of  the  Loan  Documents  to  the   contrary
notwithstanding, Lender shall not have, and by its execution  and
acceptance  of  this  Agreement hereby expressly  disclaims,  any
obligation  or  responsibility for  the  management,  conduct  or
operation  of the business and affairs of Borrower or  Guarantor.
Any  term or condition of the Loan Documents which permits Lender
to  disburse  funds, whether from the proceeds of the  Loan,  the
Borrower's  Deposit  or otherwise, or to  take  or  refrain  from
taking  any  action  with  respect to  Borrower,  Guarantor,  the
Mortgaged Property or any other collateral for repayment  of  the
Loan, shall be deemed to be solely to permit Lender to audit  and
review the management, operation and conduct of the business  and
affairs  of Borrower and Guarantor, and to maintain and  preserve
the  security given by Borrower to Lender for the Loan,  and  may
not  be  relied upon by any other person.  Further, Lender  shall
not have, has not assumed and by its execution and acceptance  of
this  Agreement  hereby  expressly  disclaims  any  liability  or
responsibility for the payment or performance of any indebtedness
or  obligation of Borrower or Guarantor and no term or  condition
of  the  Loan Documents, shall be construed otherwise.   Borrower
hereby  expressly acknowledges that no term or condition  of  the
Loan  Documents shall be construed so as to deem the relationship
between  Borrower, Guarantor and Lender to be other than that  of
borrower,  guarantor and lender, and Borrower shall at all  times
represent  that the relationship between Borrower, Guarantor  and
Lender   is  solely  that  of  borrower,  guarantor  and  lender.
BORROWER  HEREBY  INDEMNIFIES AND AGREES TO HOLD LENDER  HARMLESS
FROM  AND  AGAINST  ANY  COST, EXPENSE OR LIABILITY  INCURRED  OR
SUFFERED BY LENDER AS A RESULT OF ANY ASSERTION OR CLAIM  OF  ANY
OBLIGATION  OR  RESPONSIBILITY  OF  LENDER  FOR  THE  MANAGEMENT,
OPERATION AND CONDUCT OF THE BUSINESS AND AFFAIRS OF BORROWER  OR
GUARANTOR,  OR  AS  A RESULT OF ANY ASSERTION  OR  CLAIM  OF  ANY
LIABILITY  OR  RESPONSIBILITY  OF  LENDER  FOR  THE  PAYMENT   OR
PERFORMANCE  OF  ANY INDEBTEDNESS OR OBLIGATION  OF  BORROWER  OR
GUARANTOR.

     IX.3  INDEMNITY  BY  BORROWER.  BORROWER HEREBY  INDEMNIFIES
LENDER  AND EACH AFFILIATE THEREOF AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS,  EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS FROM, AND HOLDS  EACH  OF  THEM
HARMLESS  AGAINST,  ANY  AND  ALL  LOSSES,  LIABILITIES,  CLAIMS,
DAMAGES,  COSTS,  AND EXPENSES TO WHICH ANY OF  THEM  MAY  BECOME
SUBJECT,  INSOFAR  AS SUCH LOSSES, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS,  DAMAGES,
COSTS,  AND  EXPENSES  ARISE FROM OR RELATE TO ANY  OF  THE  LOAN
DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY OR FROM
ANY  INVESTIGATION,  LITIGATION, OR OTHER PROCEEDING,  INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY THREATENED INVESTIGATION, LITIGATION,  OR
OTHER  PROCEEDING  RELATING  TO ANY OF  THE  FOREGOING.   Without
intending to limit the remedies available to Lender with  respect
to the enforcement of its indemnification rights as stated herein
or  as  stated  in any Loan Document, in the event any  claim  or
demand is made or any other fact comes to the attention of Lender
in  connection with, relating or pertaining to, or arising out of
the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement,  which  Lender
reasonably  believes might involve or lead to some  liability  of
Lender,  Borrower  shall,  immediately upon  receipt  of  written
notification  of  any such claim or demand, assume  in  full  the
personal responsibility for and the defense of any such claim  or
demand   and  pay  in  connection  therewith  any  loss,  damage,
deficiency,   liability   or   obligation,   including,   without
limitation,  legal  fees and court costs incurred  in  connection
therewith.  In the event of court action in connection  with  any
such  claim  or  demand,  Borrower  shall  assume  in  full   the
responsibility  for  the defense of any  such  action  and  shall
immediately  satisfy and discharge any final decree  or  judgment
rendered  therein.  Lender may, in its sole discretion, make  any
payments sustained or incurred by reason of any of the foregoing;
and  Borrower shall immediately repay to Lender, in cash and  not
with  proceeds  of  the Loan, the amount of  such  payment,  with
interest  thereon at the Default Rate (as defined  in  the  Note)
from  the  date of such payment.  Lender shall have the right  to
join  Borrower  as a party defendant in any legal action  brought
against Lender, and Borrower hereby consents to the entry  of  an
order making Borrower a party defendant to any such action.

     IX.4 No Agency.  Nothing herein shall be construed as making
or  constituting  Lender  as  the agent  of  Borrower  in  making
payments  pursuant to any construction contracts or  subcontracts
entered  into  by  Borrower  for  construction  of  the  Phase  I
Improvements  or  otherwise.  The purpose of all requirements  of
Lender  hereunder is solely to allow Lender to check and  require
documentation  (including,  but not  limited  to,  lien  waivers)
sufficient  to  protect Lender and the Loan contemplated  hereby.
Borrower  shall have no right to rely on any procedures  required
by  Lender, Borrower hereby acknowledging that Borrower has  sole
responsibility  for  constructing the Phase  I  Improvements  and
paying  for  work done in accordance therewith and that  Borrower
has  solely, on Borrower's own behalf, selected or approved  each
contractor,  each  subcontractor  and  each  materialman,  Lender
having no responsibility for any such persons or entities or  for
the quality of their materials or workmanship.


                           ARTICLE X

                         MISCELLANEOUS

     X.1   Successors  and  Assigns.   This  Agreement  shall  be
binding  upon,  and shall inure to the benefit of,  Borrower  and
Lender,   and  their  respective  heirs,  legal  representatives,
successors and assigns; provided, however, that Borrower may  not
assign any rights or obligations under this Agreement without the
prior written consent of Lender.

     X.2    Headings.   The  Article,  Section,  and   Subsection
entitlements  hereof  are inserted for convenience  of  reference
only  and  shall in no way alter, modify, define or  be  used  in
construing the text of such Articles, Sections or Subsections.

     X.3   Survival.   The  provisions hereof shall  survive  the
execution of all instruments herein mentioned, shall continue  in
full  force and effect until the Loan has been paid in  full  and
shall not be affected by any investigation made by any party.

     X.4   APPLICABLE LAW.  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE  GOVERNED  BY
AND  CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH  THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS
AND  THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.  COURTS
WITHIN  THE STATE OF TEXAS SHALL HAVE JURISDICTION OVER  ANY  AND
ALL  DISPUTES  BETWEEN BORROWER AND LENDER,  WHETHER  IN  LAW  OR
EQUITY,  INCLUDING,  BUT NOT LIMITED TO,  ANY  AND  ALL  DISPUTES
ARISING  OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY  OTHER  LOAN
DOCUMENT;  AND  VENUE IN ANY SUCH DISPUTE WHETHER IN  FEDERAL  OR
STATE COURT SHALL BE LAID IN DALLAS COUNTY, TEXAS.

     X.5   Notices.  All notices or other communications required
or  permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be  in
writing  and shall be considered as properly given if (i)  mailed
by first class United States mail, postage prepaid, registered or
certified with return receipt requested; (ii) by delivering  same
in  person to the intended addressee; or (iii) by delivery to  an
independent third party commercial delivery service for same  day
or next day delivery and providing for evidence of receipt at the
office  of  the  intended addressee.  Notice so mailed  shall  be
effective upon its deposit with the United States Postal  Service
or  any  successor  thereto; notice sent  a  commercial  delivery
service  shall  be  effective upon delivery  to  such  commercial
delivery  service;  notice given by personal  delivery  shall  be
effective only if and when received by the addressee; and  notice
given by other means shall be effective only if and when received
at  the  designated  address  of  the  intended  addressee.   For
purposes of notice, the addresses of the parties shall be as  set
forth on page 1 of this Agreement; provided, however, that either
party  shall  have  the right to change its  address  for  notice
hereunder  to  any  other location within the continental  United
States  by  the giving of thirty (30) days notice  to  the  other
party in the manner set forth herein.

     X.6   Reliance by Lender.  Lender is relying and is entitled
to  rely  upon each and all of the provisions of this  Agreement;
and accordingly, if any provision or provisions of this Agreement
should  be  held  to be invalid or ineffective,  then  all  other
provisions  hereof  shall  continue  in  full  force  and  effect
notwithstanding.

     X.7   Participations.  Lender shall have the  right  at  any
time  and  from time to time to grant participations in the  Loan
and  Loan  Documents.   Each participant  shall  be  entitled  to
receive   all  information  received  by  Lender  regarding   the
creditworthiness  of  Borrower, any of  its  principals  and  the
Guarantor, including (without limitation) information required to
be  disclosed  to a participant pursuant to Banking Circular  181
(Rev., August 2, 1984), issued by the Comptroller of the Currency
(whether the participant is subject to the circular or not).

     X.8   Maximum  Interest.   It  is expressly  stipulated  and
agreed  to be the intent of Borrower and Lender at all  times  to
comply  strictly  with  the applicable Texas  law  governing  the
maximum  rate  or amount of interest payable on the  Indebtedness
(as  defined  in the Deed of Trust) (or applicable United  States
federal law to the extent that it permits Lender to contract for,
charge,  take,  reserve or receive a greater amount  of  interest
than  under Texas law).  If the applicable law is ever judicially
interpreted  so  as to render usurious any amount (i)  contracted
for,  charged, taken, reserved or received pursuant to the  Note,
any  of  the  other Loan Documents or any other communication  or
writing by or between Borrower and Lender related to any  of  the
Indebtedness, (ii) contracted for, charged or received by  reason
of  Lender's exercise of the option to accelerate the maturity of
the  Note  and/or  any  other portion  of  the  Indebtedness,  or
(iii)  Borrower  will have paid or Lender will have  received  by
reason of any voluntary prepayment by Borrower of the Note and/or
any of the other Indebtedness, then it is Borrower's and Lender's
express  intent that all amounts charged in excess of the Maximum
Lawful  Rate  (as  defined  in  the  Deed  of  Trust)  shall   be
automatically canceled, ab initio, and all amounts in  excess  of
the Maximum Lawful Rate theretofore collected by Lender shall  be
credited on the principal balance of the Note and/or any  of  the
other  Indebtedness  (or, if the Note and all other  Indebtedness
have  been  or  would  thereby  be  paid  in  full,  refunded  to
Borrower),  and  the provisions of the Note and  the  other  Loan
Documents   immediately  be  deemed  reformed  and  the   amounts
thereafter collectible hereunder and thereunder reduced,  without
the  necessity  of the execution of any new document,  so  as  to
comply  with the applicable law, but so as to permit the recovery
of   the  fullest  amount  otherwise  called  for  hereunder  and
thereunder; provided, however, if the Note has been paid in  full
before the end of the stated term of the Note, then Borrower  and
Lender agree that Lender shall, with reasonable promptness  after
Lender  discovers  or is advised by Borrower  that  interest  was
received  in  an  amount in excess of the  Maximum  Lawful  Rate,
either refund such excess interest to Borrower and/or credit such
excess  interest  against any other Indebtedness  then  owing  by
Borrower  to Lender.  Borrower hereby agrees that as a  condition
precedent  to  any claim seeking usury penalties against  Lender,
Borrower  will provide written notice to Lender, advising  Lender
in  reasonable detail of the nature and amount of the  violation,
and  Lender  shall  have sixty (60) days after  receipt  of  such
notice  in  which  to correct such usury violation,  if  any,  by
either  refunding such excess interest to Borrower  or  crediting
such  excess  interest against the Note and/or other Indebtedness
then  owing  by  Borrower to Lender.  All  sums  contracted  for,
charged  or  received  by  Lender for  the  use,  forbearance  or
detention  of any of the Indebtedness, including any  portion  of
the debt evidenced by the Note shall, to the extent permitted  by
applicable  law,  be  amortized or spread,  using  the  actuarial
method,  throughout  the stated term of  the  Note  and/or  other
Indebtedness  (including  any  and  all  renewal  and   extension
periods)  until  payment in full so that the rate  or  amount  of
interest  on  account of the Note and/or other Indebtedness  does
not  exceed the Maximum Lawful Rate from time to time  in  effect
and  applicable to the Note and/or the other Indebtedness for  so
long  as any Indebtedness is outstanding.  In no event shall  the
provisions  of  Chapter  346  of the Texas  Finance  Code  (which
regulates  certain revolving credit loan accounts  and  revolving
triparty  accounts) apply to the Note and/or  any  of  the  other
Indebtedness.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein  or  in  any of the other Loan Documents, it  is  not  the
intention  of  Lender to accelerate the maturity of any  interest
that  has  not  accrued at the time of such  acceleration  or  to
collect unearned interest at the time of such acceleration.

     X.9   Controlling  Document.  In the  event  of  a  conflict
between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the  terms
and  conditions  of  any  other  Loan  Document,  the  terms  and
conditions of this Agreement shall control.

     X.10  Construction of Agreement.  All pronouns,  whether  in
masculine, feminine or neuter form, shall be deemed to  refer  to
the object of such pronoun whether same is masculine, feminine or
neuter  in  gender, as the context may suggest or  require.   All
terms  used herein, whether or not defined in Section 1.1 hereof,
and  whether used in singular or plural form, shall be deemed  to
refer  to  the object of such term, whether such is  singular  or
plural in nature, as the context may suggest or require.

     X.11  Counterpart Execution.  To facilitate execution,  this
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts as  may  be
convenient  or required, with all such counterparts  collectively
constituting a single instrument.

     X.12  NOTICE OF INDEMNIFICATION.  BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES  AND
AGREES  THAT  THIS  AGREEMENT  CONTAINS  CERTAIN  INDEMNIFICATION
PROVISIONS  PURSUANT  TO SECTIONS 5.9,  7.1,  7.3,  9.2  AND  9.3
HEREOF.

     X.13  ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  THIS LOAN AGREEMENT AND  THE  OTHER
LOAN  DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES
AND   MAY   NOT   BE   CONTRADICTED   BY   EVIDENCE   OF   PRIOR,
CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS  OF  THE  PARTIES.
THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES.  THIS
INSTRUMENT  MAY  BE  AMENDED ONLY BY  AN  INSTRUMENT  IN  WRITING
EXECUTED BY THE PARTIES HERETO.

     IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed  this
Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

                         LENDER:

                         COMERICA BANK-TEXAS,
                         a state banking association


                         By:   /s/ Shery R. Layne
                            -----------------------
                         Name:     Shery R. Layne
                         Title:    Senior Vice President


                         BORROWER:

                         7500 RIALTO BOULEVARD, L.P.,
                         a Texas limited partnership

                         By:  STRS L.L.C.,
                              a    Delaware limited liability company,
                              its General Partner

                              By:  Stratus Properties, Inc.,
                                   a Delaware corporation,
                                   its Sole Member



                                   By: /s/ William H. Armstrong, III
                                      ---------------------------
                                        William H. Armstrong, III
                                        Chairman  of  the  Board,
                                        President  and  Chief
                                        Executive Officer






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
