<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>b321019ex_10-2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSULTING AND SEPARATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2

July 23, 2002


James F. Dore


                  Re: Consulting and Separation Agreement

Dear Jim:

This consulting and separation agreement (this "Letter Agreement") confirms your
retirement and the resulting termination of your status as an officer, director
and employee of and with PXRE Group Ltd. (the "Company"), and each of the
Company's direct and indirect subsidiaries (including, without limitation, PXRE
Reinsurance Company), such retirement and termination to be effective upon
September 30, 2002 (the "Retirement Date"). In order to be eligible to receive
the benefits set forth in Section 4 of this Letter Agreement, you must execute
it no later than August 14, 2002.

For good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged, you and the Company mutually agree as follows:

1.       Retirement and Resignation as Employee, Officer and Director. Your
         execution of this Letter Agreement hereby confirms in writing your
         desire to retire and terminate your status as an employee, director and
         officer of the Company and any and all of its subsidiaries, effective
         as of the Retirement Date.

2.       Retirement Benefits. Pursuant to the various benefit plans of the
         Company and its subsidiaries, as a result of your retirement, this will
         confirm that you are entitled to the following benefits, subject, in
         each case, to applicable statutory deductions and withholdings:

         (a)      Incentive Plan. Pursuant to, and subject to the terms of, the
                  1992 Officer Incentive Plan:

                  i)       All following Non-Qualified Options and Restricted
                           Shares (as such terms are defined in such plan) will
                           immediately vest upon the Retirement Date:

---------------------- -------------------- ------------------------
  Type of Security      No. of Securities      Date of Grant
---------------------- -------------------- ------------------------
Non-Qualified Options        25,000              2/08/2000
---------------------- -------------------- ------------------------
Non-Qualified Options        26,250              2/12/2001
---------------------- -------------------- ------------------------
Non-Qualified Options        40,000             12/10/2001
---------------------- -------------------- ------------------------
Non-Qualified Options        35,000              2/12/2002
---------------------- -------------------- ------------------------
  Restricted Shares           2,500              2/08/2000
---------------------- -------------------- ------------------------
  Restricted Shares           7,500              2/12/2001
---------------------- -------------------- ------------------------

<PAGE>


                  ii)      All of the foregoing Non-Qualified Options and any
                           Non-Qualified Options that vested prior to the date
                           of this Letter Agreement may be exercised by you at
                           any time between the Retirement Date and the third
                           anniversary date of the Retirement Date.

         (b)      Bonus Plan. Pursuant to, and subject to the terms of, the
                  Restated Employee Annual Incentive Bonus Plan, you will be
                  entitled to receive 9/12ths of the Cash and Restricted Share
                  Bonuses (as defined and calculated under such plan) payable to
                  Executive Vice Presidents under such plan with respect to the
                  2002 fiscal year, provided that, as a result of your
                  retirement, the Restricted Share Bonus, if any, shall be
                  payable in cash rather than Restricted Shares. In accordance
                  with, and subject to terms of, the Restated Employee Annual
                  Incentive Bonus Plan, any bonuses payable thereunder shall be
                  paid to you no later than February 28, 2003.

         (c)      Employee Stock Purchase Plan. In accordance with the terms of
                  the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, your account balance under
                  such plan will be applied to purchase Shares at the Option
                  Price on July 1, 2002, the last Exercise Date (as such terms
                  are defined thereunder). Any remaining balance in your account
                  under such plan will be refunded and all payroll deductions
                  will cease as of July 1, 2002.

         (d)      Pension Plan. Given your length of service with the Company,
                  you are not entitled to receive any benefits under the PXRE
                  Reinsurance Company Retirement Plan.

         (e)      401 K Plan. Pursuant to the terms of the PXRE Reinsurance
                  Company 401(k) Plan, you are fully vested in all employer
                  contributions made by the Company to your account maintained
                  thereunder as a result of your length of service. Please
                  consult with Linda Clauser to discuss the various options
                  available to you for maintenance or distribution of your
                  401(k) account.

         (f)      SERP. Pursuant to, and subject to the terms of, the PXRE
                  Reinsurance Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
                  ("SERP"), you are not entitled to any Supplemental Plan
                  Benefits under Part B of the SERP due to insufficient Years of
                  Credited Service. You are, however, entitled to receive an
                  amount equal to the full amount of your Participant's Account
                  under Part C of the SERP, including any Employer Contributions
                  made pursuant to Section 6.2 of the SERP. Pursuant to Section
                  6.4(a) of the Plan, you have elected to receive such amount in
                  a lump sum payable upon the Retirement Date.

3.       Consulting Services. From the Retirement Date until September 30, 2003
         (the "Consulting Period"), you agree to make yourself available for
         consultation with the Company and its subsidiaries to provide, as
         requested, advice and information with respect to the business of the
         Company and its subsidiaries, especially with respect to the Company's
         financial affairs. You shall be entitled to a cash payment in the
         amount of $15,000 per month, payable monthly during the Consulting
         Period.

                                       2
<PAGE>

4.       Additional Payments and Benefits. In addition to the retirement related
         benefits under Section 2, you shall be entitled to the following
         payments and benefits, subject, in each case, to applicable statutory
         deductions and withholdings. Your right to receive and retain these
         payments and benefits shall be subject to your material compliance with
         the terms of this Letter Agreement (including, but not limited to,
         Sections 7 and 8 hereof).

         (a)      Upon the Retirement Date, you shall be paid the $90,000
                  retention bonus that would have been payable to you on January
                  31, 2003 pursuant to the Retention Bonus Letter Agreement
                  dated as of December 12, 2001 if you had remained in the
                  Company's employ until January 31, 2003.

         (b)      If any Cash and Restricted Share Bonuses are payable pursuant
                  to the Restated Employee Annual Incentive Bonus Plan with
                  respect to the 2002 fiscal year, you will be entitled to
                  receive the remaining 3/12ths of the Cash and Restricted Share
                  Bonuses (as defined and calculated under such plan) payable to
                  Executive Vice Presidents under such plan that would not be
                  otherwise be payable to you under such plan due to your
                  retirement, provided that, as a result of your retirement, the
                  Restricted Share Bonus, if any, shall be payable in cash
                  rather than Restricted Shares. Such bonuses, if payable, shall
                  be paid to you no later than February 28, 2003.

         (c)      The balance due from you to PXRE Reinsurance Company under the
                  Promissory Note dated September 13, 2001 will be forgiven on
                  the Retirement Date.


5.       Cessation of all other Compensation and Benefits. From and after the
         Retirement Date, and except as otherwise expressly set forth in this
         Letter Agreement, you will not receive compensation, payments or
         benefits of any kind from the Company or its subsidiaries, and you
         expressly acknowledge and agree that, except with respect to the
         payments and benefits specifically set forth in this Letter Agreement,
         you are not entitled to any compensation, payment or benefit
         whatsoever, including, without limitation, any right to payment under
         Amended and Restated Severance Plan for Certain Executives of PXRE
         Group Ltd.

6.       Payment is in Consideration of Release and Other Continuing
         Obligations. You understand and agree that the payments provided for in
         Section 4 of this Letter Agreement are being provided to you in
         consideration for your acceptance and execution of, and in reliance
         upon your agreements in, this Letter Agreement, including but not
         limited to the release contained herein.

7.       Non-Disparagement. You agree that you will not, directly or indirectly,
         disparage (whether in writing or orally) the Company or the Releasees
         (as defined below) in any manner whatsoever at any time.

                                       3
<PAGE>

8.       Confidential Information. Except as may be required by the lawful order
         of a court or agency of competent jurisdiction, or except to the extent
         that you have express authorization from the Company, you hereby agree
         to keep secret and confidential indefinitely all non-public information
         (including, without limitation, information regarding any pending or
         threatened litigation, arbitrations or disputes) concerning the Company
         or its subsidiaries which was acquired by or disclosed to you during
         the course of your employment with the Company and its subsidiaries, or
         during the course of your consultation with the Company following your
         retirement, and to not to disclose same, either directly or indirectly,
         to any other person, firm or business entity, or use it in any way. To
         the extent that you obtained information on behalf of the Company or
         its Subsidiaries that may be subject to attorney-client privilege as to
         the Company's attorneys, you agree to take reasonable steps to maintain
         the confidentiality of such information and to preserve such privilege.

9.       Release.

                  You hereby agree to accept the compensation, payments and
         benefits provided for in Section 4 hereof in full resolution and
         satisfaction of, and hereby IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY RELEASE,
         REMISE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE the Company, its past, present and future
         direct and indirect parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions,
         predecessors, successors, and assigns, and their respective current and
         former officers, directors, shareholders, representatives, agents and
         employees, in their official and individual capacities, jointly and
         individually (the "Releasees") from, any and all agreements, promises,
         liabilities, claims and demands of any kind whatsoever, in law or
         equity, whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, fixed or
         contingent, apparent or concealed, which you, your respective heirs,
         executors, administrators, successors or assigns ever had, now have or
         in the future may have, including, without limitation, any and all
         claims arising out of or relating to your employment, your compensation
         and benefits with the Company and/or the termination thereof, your
         status as a stockholder of the Company and any and all contract, tort
         or fraud claims, claims for defamation or other personal injury, claims
         under any federal, state or municipal wage payment, discrimination or
         fair employment practices law, statute or regulation and claims for
         costs, expenses and attorneys' fees with respect thereto, arising from
         the beginning of the world through the effective date of this Letter
         Agreement, in each case, against the Company or any of the Releasees,
         other than any claims with respect to the Company's breach of this
         Letter Agreement. However, it is agreed that you do not waive your
         rights for coverage or indemnification under any directors & officers
         policy, or pursuant to the certificate of incorporation or the by-laws
         of the Company for acts or omissions occurring during your employment.
         THIS RELEASE AND WAIVER INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY AND ALL
         CLAIMS UNDER THE AGE DISCRIMINATION IN EMPLOYMENT ACT, 29 U.S.C.
         Section 621-634 (the "ADEA").

                  You represent and warrant as of the date hereof (i) that you
         have not filed any claim or demand for relief against the Company or
         Releasees, (ii) that there are no outstanding claims, or other claims
         or demands for relief within the meaning of this Section 9, and (iii)
         that there has been no assignment of any such claims.

10.      Future Cooperation. You agree that upon the Company's reasonable
         request (whether during or after the Consulting Period), you will use
         reasonable efforts to assist and cooperate with the Company and the
         Releasees in connection with the defense or prosecution of any claim
         that may be made against or by the Company or the Releasees, or in
         connection with any ongoing or future investigation or dispute or claim
         of any kind involving the Company or the Releasees, including any
         proceeding before any arbitral, administrative, regulatory,
         self-regulatory, judicial, legislative, or other body or agency. You
         will not be paid any additional amounts for any assistance that you
         provide, although you will be entitled to reimbursement for reasonable
         out-of-pocket expenses.

                                       4
<PAGE>

11.      Successors and Assigns. This Letter Agreement shall inure to the
         benefit of and shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their
         respective successors and assigns, including but not limited to (i)
         with respect to the Company, any entity with which the Company may
         merge or consolidate or to which the Company may sell substantially all
         of its assets, and (ii) with respect to you, your executors,
         administrators, heirs and legal representatives. In the event of your
         death, all amounts due hereunder shall be accelerated and immediately
         payable to your estate.

12.      Severability; Headings. In the event that any provision of this Letter
         Agreement shall be held by a court of proper jurisdiction to be
         invalid, void or voidable or otherwise unenforceable, the balance of
         this Letter Agreement shall continue in full force and effect unless
         such construction would clearly be contrary to the intentions of the
         parties or would result in an unconscionable injustice. The headings of
         the sections and paragraphs of this Letter Agreement are for
         convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part hereof.

13.      Miscellaneous: Choice of Law. This Letter Agreement may be executed in
         several counterparts, each or which shall be deemed to be an original
         but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.
         This Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes
         all prior agreements, of the parties hereto relating to the subject
         matter hereof, and there are no written or oral terms or
         representations made by either party other than those contained herein
         and therein. This Letter Agreement cannot be modified, altered or
         amended except by a writing signed by all the parties. No waiver by
         either party of any provision or condition of this Letter Agreement at
         any time shall be deemed a waiver of such provision or condition at any
         prior or subsequent time or of any provision or condition at the same
         or any prior or subsequent time. This Letter Agreement shall be
         governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the
         State of New Jersey, without giving effect to any choice of law or
         conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New Jersey
         or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws
         of any jurisdiction other than the State of New Jersey.

14.      Facsimile Signatures Valid. Execution of this Letter Agreement with
         signatures transmitted via facsimile shall be considered valid.

                                     * * * *

                                       5
<PAGE>

If this Letter Agreement conforms to your understanding and is acceptable to
you, please indicate your agreement by signing and dating the enclosed copy of
this Letter Agreement where indicated and returning it to the Company. You
acknowledge and agree that you have been provided with the opportunity to have a
period of at least 21 days in which to review and consider this Letter
Agreement, and you have used such review period to the extent desired by you.
After your execution of this Letter Agreement, you will then be permitted to
revoke this Letter Agreement in writing at any time during the period of seven
days following the execution thereof. In the event that you execute this Letter
Agreement, this Letter Agreement will not be effective or enforceable, and no
payments will be made hereunder, until the seven-day revocation period has
expired; upon the expiration of such seven day period after your execution (and
assuming no revocation), this Letter Agreement shall become effective. In the
event that you fail to execute this letter by November 8, 2002, or if you
execute this Letter Agreement and subsequently elect to revoke this Letter
Agreement in writing pursuant to the terms hereof within such seven day
revocation period, this Letter Agreement will be of no force or effect, and no
party to this Letter Agreement will have any rights or obligations hereunder.


Sincerely,



By: /s/ Jeffrey L. Radke
   ----------------------------
      Jeffrey L. Radke
      President & Chief Operating Officer

THIS LETTER AGREEMENT IS A LEGAL DOCUMENT. YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY
PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS LETTER AGREEMENT.

BY SIGNING THIS LETTER AGREEMENT YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE COMPETENT, THAT
YOU HAVE BEEN PROVIDED WITH THE OPPORTUNITY TO HAVE A PERIOD OF AT LEAST 21 DAYS
IN WHICH TO REVIEW AND CONSIDER THIS LETTER AGREEMENT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF YOUR
CHOICE AND YOU HAVE USED SUCH REVIEW PERIOD TO THE EXTENT YOU DESIRED, THAT YOU
HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND AND VOLUNTARILY ACCEPT THIS LETTER AGREEMENT AS FULLY
AND FINALLY RESOLVING, WAIVING AND RELEASING ANY AND ALL CLAIMS WHICH YOU MAY
HAVE AGAINST THE COMPANY AND RELEASEES (AS DEFINED HEREIN), INCLUDING ANY AND
ALL CLAIMS UNDER THE AGE DISCRIMINATION IN EMPLOYMENT ACT, THAT NO PROMISES OR
INDUCEMENTS HAVE BEEN MADE TO YOU EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THIS LETTER AGREEMENT,
AND THAT YOU HAVE SIGNED THIS LETTER AGREEMENT FREELY AND VOLUNTARILY, INTENDING
TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ITS TERMS. THE FOREGOING IS A SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF THE
GENERAL IMPORT OF THIS INSTRUMENT AND DOES NOT ALTER OR AMEND THE DETAILED
PROVISIONS CONTAINED IN THE BODY HEREOF.

ACCEPTED AND AGREED:


/s/ James F. Dore                                        Date: July 26, 2002
-----------------------------                                 ------------------


                                       6

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
