<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(L)
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>doc15.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10(l)



                   SECOND PROPERTY CATASTROPHE EXCESS OF LOSS
                              REINSURANCE CONTRACT
                           Effective: January 1, 2001

                                    issued to

                         21st CENTURY INSURANCE COMPANY
                          21st CENTURY CASUALTY COMPANY
                           Woodland Hills, California

                                       and
               all other insurance companies 50% or more owned by
                          2lst Century Insurance Group

                       (hereinafter called the "Company")

                                       by

                   The Subscribing Reinsurer(s) Executing the
                     Interests and Liabilities Agreement(s)
                                 Attached Hereto
                      (hereinafter called the "Reinsurer")



<PAGE>
                                      INDEX
                                      -----

CLAUSE                                                                   ARTICLE
-----------------------------------------------------------------------  -------

CLASSES OF BUSINESS REINSURED                                            I

TERM                                                                     II

SPECIAL TERMINATION OR SETTLEMENT                                        III

TERRITORY                                                                IV

EXCLUSIONS                                                               V

SELF-INSURED OBLIGATIONS                                                 VI

RETENTION AND LIMIT                                                      VII

REINSTATEMENT                                                            VIII

DEFINITION OF ULTIMATE NET LOSS                                          IX

DEFINITION OF LOSS OCCURRENCE                                            X

NOTICE OF LOSS AND LOSS SETTLEMENT                                       XI

REINSURANCE PREMIUM                                                      XII

OFFSET                                                                   XIII

ACCESS TO RECORDS                                                        XIV

NET RETAINED LINES                                                       XV

ERRORS AND OMISSIONS                                                     XVI

CURRENCY                                                                 XVII

TAXES                                                                    XVIII

FEDERAL EXCISE TAX                                                       XIX

RESERVE DEPOSIT (NON ADMITTED REINSURERS)                                XX

INSOLVENCY                                                               XXI

ARBITRATION                                                              XXII

SERVICE OF SUIT (U.S.A.) - N.M.A. 1998                                   XXIII

GOVERNING LAW                                                            XXIV

SEVERABILITY                                                             XXV

CONFIDENTIALITY                                                          XXVI

INTERMEDIARY                                                             XXVII


<PAGE>
                   SECOND PROPERTY CATASTROPHE EXCESS OF LOSS
                              REINSURANCE CONTRACT

                           Effective: January 1, 2001

                                    issued to

                         21ST CENTURY INSURANCE COMPANY
                          21ST CENTURY CASUALTY COMPANY
                           Woodland Hills, California

                                       and
               all other insurance companies 50% or more owned by
                          2lST Century Insurance Group

                       (hereinafter called the "Company")

                                       by

                   The Subscribing Reinsurer(s) Executing the
                     Interests and Liabilities Agreement(s)
                                 Attached Hereto
                      (hereinafter called the "Reinsurer")


ARTICLE I     CLASSES OF BUSINESS REINSURED
---------     -----------------------------

By this Contract the Reinsurer agrees to reinsure the excess liability which may
accrue to the Company under its policies, contracts and binders of insurance or
reinsurance (hereinafter called "policies") in force on the effective date
hereof or issued or renewed on or after that date, and classified by the Company
as:

     1.   Property  business,  including  but not limited to Homeowners Multiple
          Peril  (property  perils  only),  Dwelling  Fire,  Inland  Marine  and

     2.   Workers'  Compensation,  but  only  as  respects  losses  arising from
          Property  perils.

ARTICLE II     TERM
----------

A.   This  Contract shall become effective on 12:01 A.M., Pacific Standard Time,
     January  1,  2031,  with  respect to losses arising out of loss occurrences
     commencing  on  or  after  that date, and shall remain in force until 12:01
     A.M.,  Pacific  Standard  Time,  January  1,  2002.

B.   If  this  Contract expires or is terminated while a loss occurrence covered
     hereunder  is  in  progress,  the  Reinsurer's  liability  hereunder shall,
     subject  to  the other terms and conditions of this Contract, be determined
     as  if  the entire loss occurrence had occurred prior to the termination or
     expiration  of this Contract, provided that no part of such loss occurrence
     is  claimed  against  any  renewal  or  replacement  of  this  Contract.


<PAGE>
ARTICLE III     SPECIAL TERMINATION OR SETTLEMENT
-----------     ---------------------------------

Section I (Termination)
----------------------

A.   Either  party may terminate this Agreement upon 45 days notice in the event
     that:

     1.   The  other  party  should  at any time become insolvent, or suffer any
          impairment  of  capital,  or file a petition in bankruptcy, or go into
          liquidation,  rehabilitation,  or  have  a  receiver  appointed, or be
          acquired or controlled by any other insurance company or organization,
          or

     2.   There  is  a  severance  or  obstruction  of  free  and  unfettered
          communication  and/or  normal  commercial and/or financial intercourse
          between  the  United  States  of  America and the country in which the
          Reinsurer  is  incorporated or has its principal office as a result of
          war,  currency  regulations,  or  any  circumstances  arising  out  of
          political,  financial  or  economic  emergency.

     B.   The  Company may terminate this Agreement forthwith in the event that:

          1.   The  Reinsurer  ceases  writing reinsurance and elects to run-off
               its  existing  business.

          2.   As  respects  domestic  reinsurers:

               Upon application of the NAIC Insurance Regulatory Information
               System (IRIS) tests to the Reinsurer's quarterly and annual
               statements (which the Reinsurer hereby agrees to furnish to the
               Company upon request), it is found that four (4) or more of the
               Reinsurer's IRIS financial ratio values are outside of the normal
               range established in the IRIS system.


<PAGE>
          3.   As  respects  alien  reinsurers:

               Upon  review  of  the  Insurance  Solvency  International  (ISI)
               performance  Tests as published with respect to the Reinsurer (or
               upon  application  of  such  Performance Tests to the Reinsurer's
               annual  financial statements which the Reinsurer hereby agrees to
               furnish  to  the Company upon request), it is found that four (4)
               or more of the Reinsurer's ratios are outside of the normal range
               (as  defined  by  the  ISI  standard)

Termination  under A. or B. shall be effected by written notice of cancellation.
The  Company  will  specify  the  mode  of  payment,  i.e., a run-off basis or a
clean-cut basis with portfolio transfer, if applicable. In the event the Company
elects  a  run-off  basis,  the Reinsurer will fund all of the outstanding ceded
liabilities  through  a  Trust  Account  or by providing a Letter of Credit that
meets  the  requirements  of  the  New  York  State  Insurance  Department.

Section  II  (Settlement)
------------------------

After  termination  of  this  Agreement under this or any article, including the
natural  expiry of the Agreement, if the Reinsurer has any residual liability to
the  Company,  the Reinsurer will, at the request of the Company, furnish to the
Company  statements  as  specified  in  Section  IB., above, and if four or more
values  are outside of the usual range established in the IRIS or ISI system (as
applicable  in  accordance  with  Section IB., above) the Company shall have the
option  of  an  immediate settlement of all present and future obligations under
this Agreement in accordance with Section III, below, or requiring the Reinsurer
to  fund  all of the outstanding ceded liabilities through a Trust Account or by
providing  a  Letter of Credit that meets the requirements of the New York State
Insurance  Department.  In  the  event the Company elects the funding option, it
shall  notify  the  Reinsurer  in  writing  and the Reinsurer shall provide such
funding  within  15  days  of  such notification; however, it is agreed that the
Company  retains  the right to require settlement in accordance with Section III
at  any  subsequent  date.

Section  III  (Payment)
----------------------

A.   Amounts  due  the Company or the Reinsurer under this Article shall include
     all  present  and  future  obligations and shall include unearned premiums,
     outstanding  losses  (including  IBNR),  and  all  other  balances.

B.   In  the  event  of  a  clean-cut  termination with portfolio transfer or an
     immediate  settlement  of  all  present  and future obligations the Company
     will,  upon  receipt  of payment, provide to the Reinsurer a full and final
     release  of  Reinsurer's  liability  under  the  Agreement.


<PAGE>
C.   When  requested by either party an appraisal of outstanding losses and IBNR
     shall  be  made  by  an  disinterested  actuary.

D.   Settlement  shall  take  into  account  adjustment  for  net present value.

This  Article  shall  survive  the  termination  of  this  Agreement.


ARTICLE IV     TERRITORY
----------     ---------

The  liability  of  the  Reinsurer  shall  be  limited  to losses under policies
covering  property located within the territorial limits of the United States of
America, its territories or possessions, including the District of Columbia; but
this  limitation  shall not apply to moveable property if the Company's policies
provide  coverage  when  said  moveable  property  is  outside  the  aforesaid
territorial  limits.


ARTICLE V     EXCLUSIONS
---------     ----------

This  Contract  does  not  apply  to  and  specifically  excludes the following:

     1.   Reinsurance  assumed  by  the  Company  under  obligatory  reinsurance
          agreements,  except  treaty  reinsurance  written on a portfolio basis
          where  the  policies  involved  are to be reunderwritten in accordance
          with the underwriting standards of the Company and reissued as Company
          policies  at  the  next  anniversary  or  expiration date and business
          assumed  from  other  member  companies  of the 21st Century Insurance
          Group.

     2.   Bodily  Injury  liability,  Property  Damage  liability  and  Medical
          Payments  business.

     3.   Financial  guarantee  and  insolvency.

     4.   All Accident and Health, Fidelity and Surety, Boiler and Machinery and
          Credit  business.

     5.   All  Ocean  Marine  business.

     6.   All  aviation,  aerospace  and  satellite  business.

     7.   All  insurance  on  growing  or  standing  crops.

     8.   Mortgage  Impairment  insurances  and  similar  kinds  of  insurances,
          however  styled.

     9.   Nuclear  risks  as defined in the "Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause -
          Physical  Damage  - Reinsurance (U.S.A.)" attached to and forming part


<PAGE>
          of  this  Contract.

     10.  Loss or damage caused by or resulting from war, invasion, hostilities,
          acts  of foreign enemies, civil war, rebellion, insurrection, military
          or  usurped  power,  or  martial  law  or confiscation by order of any
          government  or public authority, but this exclusion shall not apply to
          loss  or  damage  covered  under a standard policy with a standard War
          Exclusion  Clause.

     11.  Loss  or  liability  excluded  under  the  provisions  of  the "Pools,
          Associations  and Syndicates Exclusion Clause" attached to and forming
          part  of  this  Contract.

     12.  All liability of the Company arising by contract, operation of law, or
          otherwise,  from its participation or membership, whether voluntary or
          involuntary,  in  any  insolvency fund. "Insolvency fund" includes any
          guaranty  fund, insolvency fund, plan pool, association, fund or other
          arrangement,  however  denominated,  established  or  governed,  which
          provides for any assessment of or payment or assumption by the Company
          of  part or all of any claim, debt, charge, fee or other obligation of
          an  insurer,  or  its successor or assigns, which has been declared by
          any  competent authority to be insolvent, or which is otherwise deemed
          unable  to  meet  any  claim, debt, charge, fee or other obligation in
          whole  or  in  part.

     13.  Pollution  and  seepage coverages excluded under the provisions of the
          "Pollution  and Seepage Exclusion Clause" attached to and forming part
          of  this  Contract.

     14.  Flood  when  written as such except for excess flood written above the
          National Flood Insurance Program limits either as part of a Homeowners
          policy  or  separately,  however  styled.

     15.  Earthquake,  landslide, subsidence or other earth movement or volcanic
          eruption.

     16.  All  Automobile  Physical  Damage.


ARTICLE VI     SELF-INSURED OBLIGATIONS
----------     ------------------------

A.   As  respects all business the subject matter hereof, where the coverage has
     been  agreed upon between the Company and the Reinsurer this Contract shall
     cover  all  obligations  of the Company assumed by it as a self-insurer (or
     self-insured  obligations  in excess of any valid and collectible insurance
     available  to  the Company) to the same extent as if all types of insurance


<PAGE>
     covered by this Contract were afforded under the broadest form of contracts
     issued  by  the  Company.

B.   Any  exposure of the Company in respect of the classes of business included
     in  this  Contract  for which the Company has issued a policy naming itself
     and/or  an affiliated and/or subsidiary Company as the insured or reinsured
     party,  whether  alone or jointly with some other party, shall be deemed to
     be  an  insurance  or reinsurance coming within the scope of this Contract.


ARTICLE VII     RETENTION AND LIMIT
-----------     -------------------

A.   The  Company  shall  retain  and  be  liable  for  the first $25,000,000 of
     ultimate  net loss arising out of each loss occurrence. The Reinsurer shall
     then  be  liable for the amount by which such ultimate net loss exceeds the
     Company's  retention,  but  the liability of the Reinsurer shall not exceed
     $25,000,000  as  respects  any  one  loss  occurrence.

B.   In addition to its initial retention each loss occurrence the Company shall
     retain  2.5%  part  of  100%  share in the interests and liabilities of the
     Reinsurer.

C.   No  claim  shall  be  made  under  this Contract in any one loss occurrence
     unless  at least two risks insured or reinsured by the Company are involved
     in  such  loss  occurrence.


ARTICLE VIII     REINSTATEMENT
------------     -------------

A.   In  the  event all or any portion of the reinsurance hereunder is exhausted
     by  loss,  the amount so exhausted shall be reinstated immediately from the
     time  the  loss  occurrence commences hereon. For each amount so reinstated
     the  Company  agrees  to pay additional premium equal to the product of the
     following:

     1.   The  percentage  of the occurrence limit reinstated (based on the loss
          paid  by  the  Reinsurer);  times

     2.   The  reinsurance  premium  for the term of this Contract (exclusive of
          reinstatement  premium)

B.   Whenever  the  Company  requests  payment  by  the  Reinsurer  of  any loss
     hereunder,  the  Company  shall  submit  a  statement  to  the Reinsurer of
     reinstatement premium due the Reinsurer. If the reinsurance premium for the
     term of this Contract has not been finally determined as of the date of any
     such statement, the calculation of reinstatement premium due shall be based
     on  the annual deposit premium and shall be readjusted when the reinsurance


<PAGE>
     premium  for  the  term  of  this Contract has been finally determined. Any
     reinstatement  premium  shown  to  be due the Reinsurer as reflected by any
     such  statement  (less  prior  payments,  if  any)  shall be payable by the
     Company  concurrently  with payment by the Reinsurer of the requested loss.
     Any  return  reinstatement  premium  shown  to  be due the Company shall be
     remitted  by  the  Reinsurer  as  promptly  as  possible  after receipt and
     verification  of  the  Company's  statement.

C.   Notwithstanding  anything  stated  herein,  the  liability of the Reinsurer
     hereunder  shall  not exceed $25,000,000 as respects loss or losses arising
     out  of  any loss occurrence, nor shall it exceed $50,000,000 in all during
     the  term  of  this  Contract.


ARTICLE IX     DEFINITION OF ULTIMATE NET LOSS
----------     -------------------------------

A.   The  term  "Ultimate  Net Loss" shall mean the actual loss sustained by the
     Company,  such loss to include 80% of extra contractual obligations and all
     expenses  (regardless  of  how  such  expenses are classified for statutory
     reporting  purposes)  incurred  by  the  Company  in  connection  with  the
     settlement  of  losses  or  resistance to or negotiations concerning a loss
     (including  those  losses  which  are the result of actions and/or disputes
     between  the  insured  and  the  Company  and  legal  expenses  incurred in
     connection  with  coverage  questions and legal actions connected thereto),
     excluding,  however,  any  part  of  the office expenses of the Company and
     salaries  of  employees  other  than  salary  charges  for staff adjusters,
     fieldpersons or other employees while actually engaged in the settlement of
     losses.

B.   Salvages  and recoveries, whether recovered or received prior or subsequent
     to loss settlement under this Contract, including amounts recoverable under
     all  reinsurances,  whether  collected  or  not,  shall  be  applied  as if
     recovered  or received prior to the aforesaid settlement and shall be first
     deducted from the actual loss sustained to arrive at the amount of ultimate
     net  loss.  Nothing,  however,  in  this Article shall be construed to mean
     losses  are  not  recoverable  hereunder until the ultimate net loss to the
     Company  has  been  ascertained.

C.   Any recoveries effected by the Company whose ultimate purpose is to procure
     a catastrophe bond or other financial instrument, shall inure solely to the
     benefit of the Company and is to be disregarded in determining the ultimate
     net  loss.

D.   The  Company  is  granted  permission  to  carry  pro  rata  and/or  excess
     reinsurance,  recoveries under which shall inure to the sole benefit of the
     Company  and  shall be entirely disregarded for the purposes of determining


<PAGE>
     the  Company's  ultimate  net  loss  under  this Contract, unless otherwise
     stipulated  by  the  Company.

E.   "Extra  contractual  obligations"  as  used herein shall mean any punitive,
     exemplary,  compensatory  or  consequential  damages paid or payable by the
     Company as a result of an action against it by its insured or its insured's
     assignee,  which  action alleges negligence or bad faith on the part of the
     Company  in  handling  a  claim  under  a  policy subject to this Contract.
     However,  for  the purposes of this Contract, extra contractual obligations
     arising  out  of  any  one  loss  occurrence  shall  not  exceed 25% of the
     contractual  loss  under  all  policies involved in the loss occurrence. An
     extra  contractual  obligation shall be deemed to have occurred on the same
     date  as  the  loss  covered  or  alleged  to  be covered under the policy.
     Notwithstanding  anything  stated  herein, this Contract shall not apply to
     any extra contractual obligation incurred by the Company as a result of any
     fraudulent  and/or  criminal  act by any officer or director of the Company
     acting  individually or collectively or in collusion with any individual or
     corporation  or  any  other  organization  or  party  involved  in  the
     presentation,  defense,  or  settlement  of  any  claim  covered hereunder.


ARTICLE X     DEFINITION OF LOSS OCCURRENCE
---------     -----------------------------

A.   The  term  "loss  occurrence"  shall  mean the sum of all individual losses
     directly  occasioned  by  any  one  disaster, accident or loss or series of
     disasters, accidents or losses arising out of one event which occurs within
     the  area  of  one state (or the District of Columbia) of the United States
     and  states  (or  the  District  of Columbia) contiguous thereto and to one
     another.  However,  the  duration  and  extent of any one "loss occurrence"
     shall  be  limited  to  all  individual  losses  sustained  by  the Company
     occurring  during  any  period  of 168 consecutive hours arising out of and
     directly  occasioned  by  the  same  event  except  that  the  term  "loss
     occurrence"  shall  be  further  defined  as  follows:

     1.   As  regards  windstorm,  hail,  tornado, hurricane, cyclone, including
          ensuing  collapse and water damage, all individual losses sustained by
          the  Company  occurring  during  any  period  of  72 consecutive hours
          arising out of and directly occasioned by the same event. However, the
          event  need  not be limited to one state (or the District of Columbia)
          or  states  (or  the  District  of  Columbia)  contiguous  thereto.

     2.   As  regards  riot, riot attending a strike, civil commotion, vandalism
          and  malicious  mischief,  all  individual  losses  sustained  by  the
          Company,  occurring  during  any period of 72 consecutive hours within
          the  area  of  one  municipality  or  county and the municipalities or


<PAGE>
          counties  contiguous thereto arising out of and directly occasioned by
          the  same  event.  The maximum duration of 72 consecutive hours may be
          extended  in  respect  of individual losses which occur beyond such 72
          consecutive  hours  during  the  continued  occupation of an assured's
          premises  by  strikers,  provided such occupation commenced during the
          aforesaid  period.

     3.   As  regards  fire following an earthquake (the epicentre of which need
          not  necessarily  be  within  the  territorial confines referred to in
          paragraph  A  above) directly occasioned by the earthquake, only those
          individual  fire  losses  which  commence  during  the  period  of 168
          consecutive  hours may be included in the Company's "loss occurrence".

     4.   As  regards  "freeze",  only  individual losses directly occasioned by
          collapse,  breakage  of  glass and water damage (caused by bursting of
          frozen  pipes  and  tanks)  may  be  included  in  the Company's "loss
          occurrence".

B.   For  all  those  "loss  occurrences",  other  than  those  referred  to  in
     subparagraph  2  of  paragraph A above, the Company may choose the date and
     time  when any such period of consecutive hours commences, provided that it
     is  not  earlier  than  the  date  and  time of the occurrence of the first
     recorded  individual  loss  sustained  by  the  Company arising out of that
     disaster,  accident  or loss, and provided that only one such period of 168
     consecutive  hours  shall  apply  with respect to one event, except for any
     "loss  occurrences"  referred  to  in.  subparagraph 1 of paragraph A above
     where only one such period of 72 consecutive hours shall apply with respect
     to  one  event,  regardless  of  the  duration  of  the  event.

C.   As  respects  those  "loss  occurrences"  referred  to in subparagraph 2 of
     paragraph  A  above,  if  the  disaster, accident or loss occasioned by the
     event  is  of  greater duration than 72 consecutive hours, then the Company
     may  divide  the  disaster,  accident  or  loss  into  two  or  more  "loss
     occurrences",  provided  no  two  periods overlap and no individual loss is
     included in more than one such period and provided that no period commences
     earlier  than  the  date  and  time of the occurrence of the first recorded
     individual  loss  sustained  by  the  Company arising out of that disaster,
     accident  or  loss.


<PAGE>
D.   No  individual  losses  occasioned  by an event that would be covered by 72
     hours  clauses  may  be included in any "loss occurrence" claimed under the
     168  hours  provision.


ARTICLE  XI     NOTICE  OF  LOSS  AND  LOSS  SETTLEMENTS
-----------     ----------------------------------------

A.   In  the event of a loss which either results in or appears to be of serious
     enough  nature  to  result in the involvement of this Contract, the Company
     shall  give  notice  as soon as reasonably practicable to the Reinsurer and
     the Company shall keep the Reinsurer advised of all subsequent developments
     in  connection  therewith.

B.   The  Reinsurer agrees to abide by the loss settlements of the Company, such
     settlements  to  be  considered as satisfactory proofs of loss, and amounts
     falling  to  the share of the Reinsurer shall be immediately payable to the
     Company  by the Reinsurer upon reasonable evidence of the amount paid or to
     be  paid  within  10  working  days  by  the Company being presented to the
     Reinsurer  by  the  Company.


ARTICLE XII     REINSURANCE PREMIUM
-----------     -------------------

A.   As  premium  for  the reinsurance provided hereunder, the Company shall pay
     the Reinsurer 4.00% of its net earned premium for the term of this Contract
     as  respects all business reinsured hereunder, subject to a minimum premium
     of  $900,000.  However, if this Contract is terminated, the minimum premium
     shall  be  pro  rated.

B.   The Company shall pay the Reinsurer a deposit premium of $1,125,000 in four
     installments of $281,250 on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1, 2001.
     However,  if  this  Contract is terminated, no deposit premium shall be due
     after  the  effective  date  of  termination.

C.   Within  60  days  after the expiration or termination of this Contract, the
     Company  shall  provide a report to the Reinsurer setting forth the premium
     due  hereunder, computed in accordance with paragraph A, and any additional
     premium  due  the  Reinsurer  or  return  premium  due the Company shall be
     remitted  promptly.

D.   "Net  earned  premium"  as  used  herein is defined as gross premium of the
     Company  for  the  classes of business reinsured hereunder, less the earned
     portion  of  premiums  ceded by the Company for reinsurance which inures to
     the  benefit  of  this  Contract.


<PAGE>
ARTICLE XIII     OFFSET
------------     ------

A.   Each party hereto shall have, and may exercise at any time and from time to
     time,  the  right  to offset any undisputed balance or balances, whether on
     account  of  premiums  or  on account of losses or otherwise, due from such
     party  to  the  other  (or, if more than one, any other) party hereto under
     this  Contract  or  under  any  other  reinsurance  contract  heretofore or
     hereafter entered into by and between them, and may offset the same against
     any  undisputed balance or balances due to the former from the latter under
     the  same  or  any  other  reinsurance contract between them, and the party
     asserting  the  right  of  offset  shall  have  and may exercise such right
     whether the undisputed balance or balances due to such party from the other
     are  on  account  of  premiums  or  on  account  of losses or otherwise and
     regardless  of  the  capacity,  whether  as  assuming  insurer  or a ceding
     insurer, in which each party acted under the contract or, if more than one,
     the difference contracts involved, provided, however, that, in the event of
     the  insolvency  of  a  party  hereto,  offsets  shall  only  be allowed in
     accordance with the applicable provisions of the Insurance Law of the State
     of  California.


ARTICLE XIV     ACCESS TO RECORDS
-----------     -----------------

The  Reinsurer, or its duly authorized representative, shall have free access at
all  reasonable  times  during and after the currency of this Contract, to books
and  records maintained by any of the division, department and branch offices of
the  Company which are involved in the subject matter of this Contract and which
pertain  to the reinsurance provided hereunder and all claims made in connection
therewith.  Notwithstanding  the  provisions  of  the  preceding  sentence,  if
undisputed  balances  due  from  the Reinsurer under this Contract have not been
paid for the two most recent reported calendar quarters, the Reinsurer shall not
have  access  to  any of the Company's records relating to this Contract without
the  specific  consent  of  the  Company.


ARTICLE XV     NET RETAINED LINES
----------     ------------------

A.   This  Contract applies only to that portion of any insurance or reinsurance
     which  the  Company  retains net for its own account (prior to deduction of
     any  underlying reinsurance specifically permitted in this Contract) and in
     calculating  the  amount  of  any  loss hereunder and also in computing the
     amount  or  amounts in excess of which this Contract attaches, only loss or
     losses in respect of that portion of any insurance or reinsurance which the
     Company  retains  net  for  its  own  account  shall  be  included.


<PAGE>
B.   The amount of the Reinsurer's liability hereunder in respect of any loss or
     losses  shall not be increased by reason of the inability of the Company to
     collect from any other reinsurers, whether specific or general, any amounts
     which  may  become  due  from  them  whether such inability arises from the
     insolvency  of  such  other  reinsurers  or  otherwise.

C.   Reinsurances  or pooling agreements effected or entered into by the Company
     with  any  of  its  affiliated  companies under common management or common
     ownership,  including member companies of the American International Group,
     which  reduce  the  individual  retained  line  of  the  Company  shall  be
     disregarded  for  the  purposes  of  this  Contract.


ARTICLE XVI     ERRORS AND OMISSIONS
-----------     --------------------

Any  inadvertent  delay, omission or error shall not relieve either party hereto
from any liability which would attach to it hereunder if such delay, omission or
error  had  not  been  made, provided such delay, omission or error is rectified
immediately  upon  discovery.


ARTICLE XVII     CURRENCY
------------     --------

A.   Wherever the sign "$" or the word "Dollars" is used herein it is understood
     to  mean  United  States  Dollars.

B.   All premium and loss payments hereunder shall be in United States currency.

C.   All foreign currencies for premiums and losses shall be converted to United
     States  currency  at  the  same rates of exchange as used by the Company in
     recording  the  transactions  in  the  Company's  records.


ARTICLE XVIII     TAXES
-------------     -----

In  consideration  of the terms under which this Contract is issued, the Company
undertakes not to claim any deduction of the premium hereon when making Canadian
tax  returns  or  when  making  tax  returns,  other  than Income or Profits Tax
returns,  to  any  state  or  territory  of  the  United States, the District of
Columbia  or  to  Canada.


<PAGE>
ARTICLE XIX     FEDERAL EXCISE TAX
-----------     ------------------

(Federal  Excise Tax applies only to those Reinsurers, excepting Underwriters at
Lloyd's  and  other Reinsurers exempt from Federal Excise Tax, who are domiciled
outside  the  United  States  of  America).

A.   The  Reinsurer  has  agreed  to allow for the purpose of paying the Federal
     Excise  Tax  1% of the premium payable hereon to the extent such premium is
     subject  to  Federal  Excise  Tax.

B.   In the event of any return of premium becoming due hereunder, the Reinsurer
     will  deduct  1% from the amount of the return and the Company or its agent
     should  take  steps  to  recover the Tax from the United States Government.


ARTICLE  XX     RESERVE  DEPOSIT  (NON  ADMITTED  REINSURERS)
-----------     --------------------------------------------

A.   With  respect  to  loss liability on an insured risk in any jurisdiction in
     which  the  Reinsurer  is  not admitted, the Reinsurer shall fund an amount
     herein  called  the  "deposit".  The  deposit  initially  shall  equal  the
     Reinsurer's share of outstanding loss and loss adjustment expense reserves.
     However,  the  deposit  for  the Reinsurer not federally licensed in Canada
     shall  instead  initially  equal  115%  of  the  statutory  loss  reserves.

B.   The  deposit  shall be adjusted quarterly to equal the outstanding loss and
     loss  adjustment  expense  reserves,  calculated  on  the  basis  of  the
     requirements of the California State Insurance Department and/or applicable
     Insurance  Regulatory  Agencies,  corresponding  to  the  Reinsurer's
     proportionate  share.

C.   The  Company  may  at  any  time after default by the Reinsurer of payments
     owing  to  the  Company require, by notice in writing to the Reinsurer, the
     payment  of  the sum due. In the event the Reinsurer shall not pay such sum
     within  seven  days  after  receipt  of  said  notice, the Company shall be
     entitled  to  appropriate  so  much  of  the  deposit as may be required to
     eliminate  the  default.  Until the deposit shall have been utilized in the
     manner  aforesaid,  interest  thereon  shall  be  credited to the Reinsurer
     quarterly  at  the  rate  of  four  percent  per  annum.

D.   The  Company  may  at  its  discretion,  instead  of taking any part of the
     deposit,  require payment of any sum in default, and it shall be no defense
     to  any such claim that the Company might have had recourse to the deposit.


<PAGE>
E.   The  deposit  may  be  in  the  form  of cash, a Letter of Credit, or other
     security,  provided  such  Letter of Credit or other security satisfies the
     requirements  of  the  law  and the applicable Insurance Regulatory Agency.
     However,  a  Letter  of  Credit  is not an acceptable substitute in Canada.

F.   Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Contract, the Letter of Credit
     or  other security may be drawn upon by the Company at any time to fund the
     deposit  or  for  any  amounts  due from the Reinsurer under this Contract.


ARTICLE  XXI               INSOLVENCY
------------               ----------

In  the event of insolvency and the appointment of a conservator, liquidator, or
successor  of  the ceding company, the portion of any risk or obligation assumed
by  the  Reinsurer shall be payable to the conservator, liquidator, or statutory
successor  on  the  basis of claims allowed against the insolvent company by any
court  of competent jurisdiction or by any conservator, liquidator, or statutory
successor  of  the  company  having  authority  to  allow  such  claims, without
diminution  because  of that insolvency, or because the conservator, liquidator,
or  statutory  successor  has  failed  to  pay  all  or a portion of any claims.
Payments  by  the  Reinsurer  as  set  forth  in  this subdivision shall be made
directly  to  the ceding insurer or to its conservator, liquidator, or statutory
successor,  except  where  the contract of insurance or reinsurance specifically
provides another payee of such reinsurance in the event of the insolvency of the
ceding  insurer. The conservator, liquidator, or statutory successor of a ceding
insurer  shall give written notice of the pendency of a claim against the ceding
insurer  indicating the policy or bond reinsured, within a reasonable time after
such  claim is filed and the Reinsurer may interpose, at its own expense, in the
proceeding  where such claim is to be adjudicated, any defense or defenses which
it  may  deem available to the ceding insurer or its conservator, liquidator, or
statutory successor. The expense thus incurred by the Reinsurer shall be payable
subject  to  court approval out of the estate of the insolvent ceding insurer as
part  of  the  expense  of  conservation  or  liquidation  to  the  extent  of a
proportionate  share  of  the  benefit which may accrue to the ceding insurer in
conservation or liquidation, solely as a result of the defense undertaken by the
Reinsurer.


<PAGE>
ARTICLE XXII     ARBITRATION
------------     -----------

A.   Any  and  all  disputes  or  differences  arising  out  of  this Agreement,
     including  its  formation  and  validity,  shall  be  submitted  to binding
     arbitration.  Any  arbitration  shall  be based upon the Procedures for the
     Resolution  of U.S. Insurance and Reinsurance Disputes dated September 1999
     (the  "Procedures"),  as  supplemented  by  the  paragraphs  below.

B.   The  Panel  shall  consist  of  three  Disinterested arbitrators, one to be
     appointed  by the Petitioner, one to be appointed by the Respondent and the
     third  to  be  appointed  by the two Party-appointed arbitrators. The third
     arbitrator shall serve as the umpire, who shall be neutral. The arbitrators
     and  umpire  shall  be  persons  who  are  current  or  former  officers or
     executives  of  an  insurer  or  reinsurer.  Within  thirty  days  of  the
     commencement  of  the arbitration proceeding (or, if applicable, the longer
     period  provided  in paragraph E below), each Party shall provide the other
     Party with the identification of its Party-appointed arbitrator, his or her
     address  (including  telephone,  fax and e-mail information), and provide a
     copy of the arbitrator's curriculum vitae. If either Party fails to appoint
     an  arbitrator within that thirty-day period (or applicable longer period),
     the  non-defaulting  Party  will appoint an arbitrator to act as the Party-
     appointed  arbitrator  for  the  defaulting  Party.  The  umpire  shall  be
     appointed  by the two Party-appointed arbitrators as soon as practical (but
     no  later than 30 days) after the appointment of the second arbitrator. The
     Party-appointed  arbitrators may consult, in confidence, with the Party who
     appointed  them  concerning  the  appointment  of  the  umpire.

C.   Where the two Party-appointed arbitrators have failed to reach agreement on
     an  umpire  within  the  time  specified  in  paragraph B, each Party shall
     propose  to  the  other  in writing, within 7 days thereafter, eight umpire
     candidates  from the ARIAS U.S. Certified Arbitrators List in effect at the
     time  of  the  commencement  of  the  arbitration.  The umpire will then be
     selected  in  accordance  with  I 6.7(b)-(e) of the Procedures. (Unless the
     Parties agree otherwise, the ARIAS U.S. Umpire Questionnaire Form in effect
     at  the  time  of  the  commencement  of  the  arbitration  shall be used.)

D.   The  arbitration  shall  take  place  in  Woodland  Hills,  California.

E.   If  the  Company  and  more  than  one  Reinsurer  are involved in the same
     dispute(s)  or difference(s) arising out of this Agreement, and the Company
     requests  consolidated  arbitration  with  those  Reinsurers  in an initial
     Notice  of  Arbitration or Response, then those Reinsurers shall constitute
     and  act as one Party for purposes of the arbitration and thus shall select
     a  single  Party-appointed  arbitrator among them. (If the Company requests
     consolidation  in  a  Response, then (i) that Response shall be appended to
     the  Company's  Notice of Arbitration to the additional Reinsurer(s) joined
     in  the proceeding, (ii) any arbitral appointment made before that Response
     shall  be  of  no  effect,  and  (iii)  the  Reinsurers  shall select their
     arbitrator  within  30  days  of  their  receipt  of  those pleadings.) For
     purposes  of  this  paragraph, any instance in which two or more Reinsurers
     have  not paid their proportional shares of the same balance claimed due by
     the Company shall be deemed to involve the same dispute(s) or difference(s)
     arising out of this Agreement." Communications shall be made by the Company
     to each of the Reinsurers constituting one Party. Nothing in this paragraph
     shall  impair  the rights of Reinsurers to assert several rather than joint
     defenses  or  claims,  change  their  liability  under  this Agreement from
     several  to  joint,  or  impair  their rights to retain separate counsel in
     connection  with  the  arbitration.


<PAGE>
F.   Unless  prohibited by law, the Supreme Court of the State of California and
     the  United  States  District Court for the Southern District of California
     shall  have  exclusive jurisdiction over any and all court proceedings that
     either  Party  may  initiate  in connection with the arbitration, including
     proceedings  to  compel, stay, or enjoin arbitration or to confirm, vacate,
     modify,  or  correct  an  Arbitration  Award.

G.   For  purposes  of  this  Article,  the  terms  "Arbitration  Award,"
     "Disinterested,"  "Notice of Arbitration," "Panel," "Party" (or "Parties"),
     "Petitioner,"  "Respondent,"  and  "Response"  shall  have the meanings set
     forth  in  article  2  of  the  Procedures  (Definitions).

H.   In  the event of any conflict between the Procedures and this Article, this
     Article,  and  not  the  Procedures,  will  control.

I.   This  Article  shall  survive  the  termination  of  this  Agreement.


ARTICLE  XXIII               SERVICE  OF  SUIT  (U.S.A.)  -  N.M.A.  1998
--------------               --------------------------------------------

(Applicable  only  to reinsurers domiciled outside the United States of America)

A.   It  is  agreed  that in the event of the failure of the Reinsurer hereon to
     pay  any  amount  claimed to be due hereunder, the Reinsurer hereon, at the
     request  of  the  Company,  will  submit  to the jurisdiction of a Court of
     competent  jurisdiction  within  the United States. Nothing in this Article
     constitutes  or  should  be  understood  to  constitute  a  waiver  of  the
     Reinsurer's  rights  to  commence  an  action  in  any  Court  of competent
     jurisdiction  in  the United States, to remove an action to a United States
     District  Court,  or  to  seek  a  transfer  of  a case to another Court as
     permitted  by  the  laws of the United States or of any state in the United


<PAGE>
     States.  It  is  further agreed that service of process in such suit may be
     made  upon  Mendes  &  Mount,  750  Seventh  Avenue,  New  York,  New  York
     10019-6929,  and  that  in any suit instituted against any one of them upon
     this Contract, the Reinsurer will abide by the final decision of such Court
     or  of  any  Appellate  Court  in  the  event  of  an  appeal.

B.   The above-named are authorized and directed to accept service of process on
     behalf  of  the  Reinsurer  in any such suit and/or upon the request of the
     Company to give a written undertaking to the Company that they will enter a
     general  appearance  upon  the  Reinsurer's behalf in the event such a suit
     shall  be  instituted.

C.   Further, pursuant to any statute of any state, territory or district of the
     United  States  which  makes provision thereof, the Reinsurer hereon hereby
     designates  the  Superintendent,  Commissioner  or Director of Insurance or
     other  officer  specified for that purpose in the statute, or his successor
     or  successors  in office, as its true and lawful attorney upon whom may be
     served  any  lawful process in any action, suit or proceeding instituted by
     or  on  behalf  of the Company and any beneficiary hereunder arising out of
     this  Contract of reinsurance, and hereby designated the above-named Mendes
     &  Mount  as  the  firm to whom the said officer is authorized to mail such
     process  or  a  true  copy  thereof.


ARTICLE XXIV     GOVERNING LAW
------------     -------------

The  Contract  shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the  State  of  California.


ARTICLE XXV     SEVERABILITY
-----------     ------------

If  any provision of this Contract shall be rendered illegal or unenforceable by
the  laws,  regulations  or  public policy of any state, such provision shall be
considered  void  in  such  state,  but  this  shall  not affect the validity or
enforceability  of any other provision of this Contract or the enforceability of
such  provision  in  any  other  jurisdiction.


ARTICLE XXVI     CONFIDENTIALITY
------------     ---------------

All  terms  and  conditions  of  this  Contract and any material provided in the
course  of  inspection  shall  be  kept confidential by the Reinsurer as against
third  parties,  unless the disclosure is required pursuant to process of law or


<PAGE>
unless the disclosure is to Reinsurer's retrocessionaires, financial auditors or
governing  regulatory  bodies.  Disclosing  or  using  this  information for any
purpose  beyond  the  scope of this Contract, or beyond the exceptions set forth
above,  is  expressly  forbidden  without  the  prior  consent  of  the Company.


<PAGE>
ARTICLE XXVII     INTERMIDIARY
-------------     ------------


John  P.  Woods  Co., Inc. is hereby recognized as the Intermediary through whom
all  communications  relating  hereto  (including  but  not  limited to notices,
statements,  premiums,  return  premiums,  commissions,  taxes,  losses,  loss
adjustment  expenses, salvage and loss settlements) shall be transmitted to both
parties.  It  is  understood, as regards remittances due either party hereunder,
that  payment by the Company to John F. Woods Co., Inc. shall constitute payment
to the Reinsurer, but payment by the Reinsurer to John P. Woods Co., Inc., shall
only  constitute payment to the Company to the extent such payments are actually
received  by  the  Company.


<PAGE>
                       NUCLEAR INCIDENT EXCLUSION CLAUSE -
                      PHYSICAL DAMAGE - REINSURAR~E - U.S.A

     1.     This  Reinsurance  does  not cover any loss or liability accruing to
the  Company,  directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from
any  Pool of Insurers or Reinsurers formed for the purpose of covering Atomic or
Nuclear  Energy  risks.

     2.     Without  in  any  way  restricting the operation of paragraph (1) of
this  Clause,  this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to
the  Company,  directly  or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from
any  insurance  against  Physical  Damage  (including  business  interruption or
consequential  loss  arising  out  of  such  Physical  Damage)to:

               I.   Nuclear  reactor  power  plants  including  all  auxiliary
                    property  on  the  site,  or

               II.  Any  other  nuclear  reactor  installation,  including
                    laboratories  handling  radioactive  materials in connection
                    with  reactor  installations,  and  "critical facilities" as
                    such,  or

               III. Installations  for fabricating complete fuel elements or for
                    processing  substantial  quantities  of  "special  nuclear
                    material",  and  for  reprocessing,  salvaging,  chemically
                    separating,  storing or disposing of "spent" nuclear fuel or
                    waste  materials,  or

               IV.  Installations  other  than those listed in paragraph (2) III
                    above  using  substantial quantities of radioactive isotopes
                    or  other  products  of  nuclear  fission.

     3.     Without  in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1) and
(2) hereof, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive
contamination  accruing to the Reinsured, directly or indirectly, and whether as
Insurer  or  Reinsurer, from any insurance on property which is on the same site
as  a  nuclear  reactor  power  plant  or  other  nuclear installation and which
normally  would  be  insured  therewith except that this paragraph (3) shall not
operate

          (a)  where  Company  does  not  have knowledge of such nuclear reactor
               power  plant  or  nuclear  installation,  or
          (b)  where  said insurance contains a provision excluding coverage for
               damage  to  property  caused  by  or  resulting  from radioactive
               contamination,  however  caused. However on and after 1st January
               1960  this  sub-paragraph  (b) shall only apply provided the said
               radioactive  contamination exclusion provision, has been approved
               by  the  Governmental  Authority  having  jurisdiction  thereof.


<PAGE>
     4.     Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1), (2)
and  (3)  hereof,  this  Reinsurance  does  not  cover  any loss or liability by
radioactive  contamination  accruing to the Company, directly or indirectly, and
whether  as Insurer or Reinsurer, when such radioactive contamination is a named
hazard  specifically  insured  against.

     5.     It  is  understood  and  agreed that this Clause shall not extend to
risks  using  radioactive isotopes in any form where the nuclear exposure is not
considered  by  the  Company  to  be  the  primary  hazard.

     6.     The  term "special nuclear material" shall have the meaning given it
in  the  Atomic  Energy  Act  of  1954,  or  by  any  law  amendatory  thereof.

     7.     Company  to  be  sole  judge  of  what  constitutes:
          (a)  substantial  quantities,  and
          (b)  the  extent  of  installation,  plant  or  site.

NOTE:  Without  in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) hereof, it
is  understood  and  agreed  that

          (a)  all  policies  issued  by  the Company on or before 31st December
               1957  shall  be free from the application of the other provisions
               of  this Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever
               first  occurs  whereupon  all the provisions of this Clause shall
               apply.

          (b)  with respect to any risk located in Canada policies issued by the
               Reinsured  on or before 31st December 1958 shall be free from the
               application  of  the other provisions of this Clause until expiry
               date  or  31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all
               the  provisions  of  this  Clause  shall  apply.


<PAGE>
                       POOLS, ASSOCIATIONS AND SYNDICATES
                                EXCLUSION CLAUSE

SECTION  A
----------

Excluding:

          (a)  All  Business  derived  directly  or  indirectly  from  any Pool,
               Association  or  Syndicate  which  maintains  its own reinsurance
               facilities.

          (b)  Any  Pool or Scheme (whether voluntary or mandatory) formed after
               March  1,  1966 for the purpose of insuring property whether on a
               country-wide  basis  or  in  respect  of  designated  areas. This
               exclusion shall not apply to so-called Automobile Insurance Plans
               or other Pools formed to provide coverage for Automobile Physical
               Damage.

SECTION  B
----------

     Nevertheless  the  Reinsurer specifically agrees that liability accruing to
the  Company  from its participation in residual market mechanisms including but
not  limited  to:

(1)  The  following  so-called  "Coastal  Pools":

     Alabama  Insurance  Underwriting  Association
     Florida  Windstorm  Underwriting  Association  ("FWUA")
     Louisiana  Insurance  Underwriting  Association
     Mississippi  Windstorm  Underwriting  Association
     North  Carolina  Insurance  Underwriting  Association
     South  Carolina  Windstorm  and  Hail  Underwriting  Association
     Texas  Catastrophe  Property  Insurance  Association

                                       AND

(2)  All  "Fair  Plan"  and  "Rural  Risk  Plan"  business

                                       AND

(3)  The  Florida  Property  and  Casualty  Joint  Underwriting
     Association  ("FPCJUA"),  the  Florida  Residential
     Property  and  Casualty  Joint  Underwriting  Association
     ("RPCJUA")  and  the  California  Earthquake  Authority
     (CEA)


<PAGE>
For  all  perils  otherwise  protected  hereunder shall not be excluded, except,
however,  that  this reinsurance does not include any increase in such liability
resulting  from:

     (i)  The  inability  of any other participant in such "Coastal Pool" and/or
          "Fair Plan" and/or "Rural Risk Plan" and/or Residual Market Mechanisms
          to  meet  its  liability.

     (ii) Any claim against such "Coastal Pool" and/or "Fair Plan" and/or "Rural
          Risk  Plan"  and/or  Residual  Market  Mechanisms,  or any participant
          therein,  including  the  Company,  whether  by  way of subrogation or
          otherwise,  brought by or on behalf of any insolvency fund (as defined
          in  the Insolvency Fund Exclusion Clause incorporated in the Contract.

SECTION  C
----------

(1)  Notwithstanding Section B above, in respect of the CEA, where an assessment
     is  made  against  the  Company  by  the CEA, the Company may include in it
     Ultimate  Net  Loss  only  that  assessment  directly  attributable to each
     separate  loss  occurrence covered hereunder. The Company's initial capital
     contribution  to  the  CEA  shall not be included in the Ultimate Net Loss.

(2)  Notwithstanding Section B above, in respect of the FWUA, FPCJUA and RPCJUA,
     where  an  assessment  is made against the Company by the FWUA, the FPCJUA,
     the  RPCJUA,  or any combination thereof, the maximum loss that the Company
     may  include  in  the  Ultimate  Net Loss in respect of any loss occurrence
     hereunder  shall  not  exceed  the  lesser  of:

     (a)  The Company's assessment from the relevant entity (FWUA, FPCJUA and/or
          RPCJUA)  for  the  accounting  year  in  which  the  loss  occurrence
          commenced,  or

     (b)  The  product  of  the  following:

          (i)  The Company's percentage participation in the relevant entity for
               the  accounting  year in which the loss occurrence commenced; and

          (ii) The  relevant  entity's  total  losses  in  such loss occurrence.


<PAGE>
     Any  assessments  for accounting years subsequent to that in which the loss
     occurrence  commenced  may  not  be  included  in  the  Ultimate  Net  Loss
     hereunder.  Moreover,  notwithstanding  Section  B above, in respect of the
     FWUA,  the  FPCJUA and/or the RPCJUA, the Ultimate Net Loss hereunder shall
     not  include  any  monies  expended  to  purchase  or  retire  bonds  as  a
     consequence  of  being  a member of the FWUA, the FPCJUA and/or the RPCJUA.
     For  the  purposes  of  this  Contract,  the Company may not include in the
     Ultimate Net Loss any assessment or any percentage assessment levied by the
     FWUA,  the FPCJUA and/or the RPCJUA to meet the obligations of an insolvent
     insurer  member or other party, or to meet any obligations arising from the
     deferment  by  the  FWUA, the FPCJUA and/or the RPCJUA of the collection of
     monies.


NOTES:     Wherever used herein the terms:

"Company"      shall  be  understood  to  mean  "Company",  "Reinsured",
               "Reassured"  or  whatever  other  terms  is  used in the attached
               reinsurance  document  to  designate  the  reinsured  company  or
               companies.

"Agreement"    shall  be  understood to mean "Agreement", "Contract", "Policy",
               or  whatever  other  term  is  used  to  designate  the  attached
               reinsurance  document.

"Reinsurers"   shall  be  understood  to  mean  "Reinsurers", Underwriters" or
               whatever  other term is used in the attached reinsurance document
               to  designate  the  reinsurer  or  reinsurers.


<PAGE>
                     POLLUTION AND SEEPAGE EXCLUSION CLAUSE


This Contract excludes loss and/or damage and/or costs and/or expenses arising
from seepage and/or pollution and/or contamination, other than contamination
from smoke. Nevertheless, this exclusion does not preclude payment of the cost
of removing debris of property damaged by a loss otherwise covered here-under,
subject always to a limit of 25% of the Company's property loss under the
applicable original policy.


<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
