<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dkm114d.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(LL) - REINSURANCE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                  Exhibit 10(ll)

                   FIRST PROFESSIONALS INSURANCE COMPANY, INC.
                  NET ACCOUNT QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE AGREEMENT


                            2002 FINAL PLACEMENT SLIP
                            -------------------------


COMPANY:     First Professionals Insurance Company, Inc. a Florida corporation.


INCEPTION:   July 1, 2002


EFFECTIVE:   July 1, 2002, 12:01 a.m. standard time (as set forth in the
             Company's policies), to July 1, 2003, 12:01 a.m. standard time, as
             respects claims made on and after July 1, 2002, 12:01 a.m. standard
             time, under:

             Section A:

                     Policies written and policies renewed on and after January
                     1, 2002, 12:01 a.m. standard time, and in force at July 1,
                     2002, 12:01 a.m. standard time; and

             Section B:

                     Policies written and policies renewed from July 1, 2002,
                     12:01 a.m. standard time, to July 1, 2003, 12:01 a.m.
                     standard time.

             At expiration, the Reinsurer's liability for each policy in force
             at the Agreement expiration date, including any liability under
             Extended Reporting Endorsements, will be run off until the policy's
             cancellation, natural expiration, or next anniversary date,
             whichever first occurs, but in no event for longer than 12 months
             plus any extended reporting period.


BUSINESS
COVERED:     This Agreement will apply to all policies, except as hereinafter
             excluded, written and classified by the Company as Medical
             Professional Liability (including Loss of Privileges Coverage) and
             ancillary coverages, covering Physicians, Dentists, Chiropractors,
             Podiatrists, and other Allied Medical Practitioners, and their
             Professional Associations.

AR 13987 - Effective 7/1/02
San Francisco
Q:\SAN_FRAN\13987\2002\13987027.FPS          Page 1 of 16
<PAGE>
FIRST PROFESSIONALS INSURANCE COMPANY       NET ACCOUNT QUOTA SHARE REINS. AGMT.

TERRITORY:   As per the Company's policies, but limited to policies issued in
             the states of Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, and Ohio.


RETENTION
AND LIMIT:   The Company will cede and the Reinsurer will accept:

             Section A:

                     A 100% quota share participation of the Company's net
                     retained liability for loss on Section A policies.

             Section B:

                     A 50% quota share participation of the Company's net
                     retained liability for loss on Section B policies.

             The Company's net retained liability as respects loss will be
             subject to a maximum limit of $500,000 any one claim made, any one
             insured, or so deemed; the Company's liability for loss expense
             will be pro rata and in addition to its liability for loss.


MAXIMUM
CESSION
LIMIT:       The maximum amount of gross premium the Company may cede to the
             Reinsurers hereunder for the term of this Agreement under Section B
             is $102,000,000. In the event the amount of gross premium that
             would otherwise be ceded hereunder as respects Section B exceeds
             $102,000,000, the amount of the Reinsurers' participation in
             Section B will be reduced by the same percentage that the
             $102,000,000 would have been exceeded in accordance with the
             following formula:

                                     ( a )
                                     ( - )c=d%
                                     ( b )

                     where:

                     a =   $102,000,000.

                     b =   Actual amount of gross ceded premium that would
                           otherwise have been ceded hereunder as respects
                           Section B.

                     c =   Reinsurers' Participation in Section B.


AR 13987 - Effective 7/1/02
San Francisco
Q:\SAN_FRAN\13987\2002\13987027.FPS          Page 2 of 16
<PAGE>
FIRST PROFESSIONALS INSURANCE COMPANY       NET ACCOUNT QUOTA SHARE REINS. AGMT.

                     d =   Adjusted amount of Reinsurers' participation in
                           Section B.
LOSS
CORRIDOR:    The Company will retain 100.0% of the liability for loss and loss
             expense above an 81.0% Loss Ratio, up to a 93.0% Loss Ratio. The
             Reinsurers will be liable for their proportionate share of any loss
             and loss expense above a 93.0% Loss Ratio, up to the Reinsurers'
             Loss Cap.


REINSURERS'
LOSS CAP:    In the event the Loss Ratio on the Business Covered hereunder
             reaches 110%, or the Reinsurers' Aggregate Economic Loss Limit is
             exhausted, whichever point is reached first, the Reinsurers will
             have no further liability for loss and loss expense. The Company
             will retain all further loss and loss expense once the Reinsurers'
             Loss Cap has been reached.

             If, at any time, the Reinsurers have paid losses in excess of the
             Reinsurers' Loss Cap, then the Company is required to reimburse the
             Reinsurers for all such excess payments upon discovery of such
             overpayment.


LOSS RATIO:  "Loss Ratio" will mean:

             A.      Incurred loss and loss expense (including IBNR as carried
                     on the Company's books) hereunder, divided by

             B.      Earned premium hereunder.

AGGREGATE
ECONOMIC
LOSS
LIMIT:       Unless the Funds Withheld Account is terminated pursuant to the
             Termination of Funds Withheld Account Section, then the Aggregate
             Economic Loss Limit will be calculated annually as:

                     A. + B. - D.       Interest as referred to in A., B.,
                                        and D. below will be at 5.5% effective
                                        annual interest rate



AR 13987 - Effective 7/1/02
San Francisco
Q:\SAN_FRAN\13987\2002\13987027.FPS          Page 3 of 16
<PAGE>
FIRST PROFESSIONALS INSURANCE COMPANY       NET ACCOUNT QUOTA SHARE REINS. AGMT.

             If the Funds Withheld Account is terminated pursuant to the
             Termination of Funds Withheld Account Section, the Aggregate
             Economic Loss Limit will be calculated annually as:

                     A. + B. + C. - D.  Interest as referred to in A., B., C.,
                                        and D. below will be at the actual
                                        effective annual interest rate accrued

             A.      A cumulative amount equal to 2.8% of gross ceded
                     reinsurance premium since inception, plus interest
                     accrued from the date each amount of gross ceded
                     reinsurance premium was paid to the Reinsurers.

             B.      12.5% of net ceded premiums since inception (gross
                     ceded premium less ceding commission and less
                     Reinsurers' margin), plus interest accrued from the
                     date each amount of net ceded premium was paid to the
                     Reinsurers.

             C.      The amount of the Funds Withheld Account Balance as
                     valued when transferred to the Reinsurers plus the
                     cumulative amount of premiums subsequently received
                     per B. 3. d. of the Reports And Remittances Section,
                     if any, plus interest accrued from the date each
                     amount was paid to the Reinsurers.

             D.      The cumulative amount of loss and loss expense paid in
                     cash by the Reinsurers pursuant to B. 5. of the
                     Reports And Remittances Section, plus interest accrued
                     from the date each amount of loss and loss expense
                     paid in cash by the Reinsurers.


REINSURANCE
PREMIUM:     The Company will cede to the Reinsurers their proportionate share
             of the gross unearned premium as at June 30, 2002, for Section A
             policies. Additionally, the Company will cede to the Reinsurers
             their proportionate share of the gross net written premium on all
             Section B policies.

CEDING
COMMISSION:  The Reinsurer will allow the Company a provisional ceding
             commission of 28.50% of gross ceded premium at a loss ratio of
             80.00%, to be increased by .75% for every 1.00% decrease in the
             loss ratio to a maximum ceding commission of 35.00% at 71.33% loss
             ratio, or decreasing by 1.00% for every 1.00% increase in the loss
             ratio to a minimum ceding commission of 27.50% at 81.00% loss
             ratio.


AR 13987 - Effective 7/1/02
San Francisco
Q:\SAN_FRAN\13987\2002\13987027.FPS          Page 4 of 16
<PAGE>
FIRST PROFESSIONALS INSURANCE COMPANY       NET ACCOUNT QUOTA SHARE REINS. AGMT.

             In the event of commission adjustment downwards, the Company will
             pay into the Funds Withheld Account the commission adjustment with
             applicable interest from inception date of this Agreement.

             In the event of commission adjustment upwards, the Reinsurer will
             allow the Company to debit the Funds Withheld Account the
             commission adjustment plus all applicable interest from the date
             the applicable premiums were paid into the Funds Withheld Account.


REINSURERS
MARGIN:      4.2% of gross ceded reinsurance premium.


REPORTS
AND
REMITTANCES: A.      Reports
                     -------

                     Within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter,
                     the Company will report to the Reinsurers:

                     1.     Ceded gross net written premium for the quarter,
                            plus or minus any adjustments (additional and return
                            premiums) to Section B policies;

                     2.     Reinsurers' margin, calculated at 4.2% of 1. above;

                     3.     Ceding commission on ceded gross net written premium
                            for the quarter;

                     4.     Ceded loss and loss expense paid during the quarter;

                     5.     Outstanding loss and loss expense reserve (including
                            IBNR as carried on the Company's books) as of the
                            end of the quarter;

                     6.     Unearned premium reserve as of the end of the
                            quarter;

                     In addition, on the inception date of this Agreement the
                     Company will report to the Reinsurers the Reinsurers'
                     proportionate share of the unearned premium reserve at July
                     1, 2002, on Section A policies, and ceding commission
                     thereon.


AR 13987 - Effective 7/1/02
San Francisco
Q:\SAN_FRAN\13987\2002\13987027.FPS          Page 5 of 16
<PAGE>
FIRST PROFESSIONALS INSURANCE COMPANY       NET ACCOUNT QUOTA SHARE REINS. AGMT.

             B.      Remittances
                     -----------

                     1.     At inception, the Company will deposit the net
                            balance of the unearned premium reserve less ceding
                            commission and less Reinsurers' Margin in a notional
                            Funds Withheld Account.

                     2.     At inception and within 15 days following at the
                            close of each calendar quarter thereafter, the
                            Company will pay in cash to the Reinsurers the
                            Reinsurers' Margin calculated as per A. 2. above.

                     3.     Within 15 days at the close of each quarter, the
                            balance of A. 1. minus A. 2. and minus A. 3. above
                            as respects that quarter will be:

                            a.     Credited to the Funds Withheld Account
                                   (unless the Funds Withheld Account has been
                                   transferred to the Reinsurers);

                            b.     Debited, if a negative number, to the Funds
                                   Withheld Account to the extent the Funds
                                   Withheld Account Balance is sufficient to
                                   absorb the debit without becoming a negative
                                   number;

                            c.     Paid in cash by the Reinsurers to the extent
                                   the Funds Withheld Account Balance is not
                                   sufficient to absorb the debit without
                                   becoming a negative number;

                            d.     If the Funds Withheld Account has been
                                   transferred to the Reinsurers, paid to or (if
                                   a negative number) collected from the
                                   Reinsurers.

                     4.     At 15 days after December 31, 2002, and at 15 days
                            after each June 30 and December 31 thereafter so
                            long as a sufficient balance remains in the Funds
                            Withheld Account, A. 4. of Reports for the two
                            quarters ending at the date in question will be
                            debited to the Funds Withheld Account.

                     5.     If, at any time, the Funds Withheld Account Balance
                            has been exhausted by payments of loss and loss
                            expense or if the Funds Withheld Account Balance has
                            been transferred to the Reinsurers, the Reinsurers
                            will

AR 13987 - Effective 7/1/02
San Francisco
Q:\SAN_FRAN\13987\2002\13987027.FPS          Page 6 of 16
<PAGE>
FIRST PROFESSIONALS INSURANCE COMPANY       NET ACCOUNT QUOTA SHARE REINS. AGMT.

                            pay all subject losses and loss expenses as paid and
                            presented by the Company on a annual basis within 15
                            days at each June 30.

FUNDS WITHHELD
ACCOUNT AND
FUNDS WITHHELD
ACCOUNT
BALANCE:     The Company will establish a notional Funds Withheld Account at
             inception hereof, which will then be adjusted quarterly and
             maintained until there is a complete and final release of all the
             Reinsurers' obligations to the Company under this Agreement. No
             sums will be due the Company in cash under this Agreement from the
             Reinsurers so long as the Funds Withheld Account Balance is
             positive.

             The Funds Withheld Account Balance for each calendar quarter will
             be calculated 15 days from the ending date for that calendar
             quarter, and will be determined as follows:

             A.      Beginning balance; plus

             B.      Reinsurance premium ceded during the quarter; less

             C.      Loss and loss expense due from the Reinsurers during
                     the quarter, if applicable; less

             D.      Ceding commission on B. above; less

             E.      Reinsurers Margin on B. above; plus

             F.      Interest Credit earned during the quarter, if the
                     Funds Withheld Account Balance is positive.

             The beginning balance at inception hereof will be the unearned
             premium at inception on Section A business less ceding commission
             and less Reinsurers' Margin.

TERMINATION
OF FUNDS
WITHHELD
ACCOUNT:     In the event that any one of the following occurs:

             A.      The Company's statutory policyholders surplus falls
                     below 75% of its value as at July 1, 2002; or

AR 13987 - Effective 7/1/02
San Francisco
Q:\SAN_FRAN\13987\2002\13987027.FPS          Page 7 of 16
<PAGE>
FIRST PROFESSIONALS INSURANCE COMPANY       NET ACCOUNT QUOTA SHARE REINS. AGMT.

             B.      The Company's ownership or senior management changes;
                     or

             C.      The Company's rating by A. M. Best falls below B++; or

             D.      The Company is ordered by the insurance department of
                     any of the states named in the Territory Section to
                     stop writing business; then

                     the Reinsurers may, at their sole discretion, demand
                     either:

                     A.     Immediate transfer of the Funds Withheld Account
                            Balance to the Reinsurers; or

                     B.     That the Funds Withheld Account Balance be
                            transferred to a trust funds within 14 days after
                            such demand is made, in which case the Company will
                            maintain the trust fund balance to be equal to the
                            amount called for in the Funds Withheld Account
                            Balance Section at each quarter end.

                     If the Reinsurers demand either A. or B. immediately
                     above and the Company does not fulfill the demand
                     called for by the Reinsurers, the Reinsurers will have
                     the right to commutation in accordance with the
                     Commutation Section.

INTEREST
CREDIT:      Commencing at inception and each quarter thereafter, the Company
             will credit interest to the Funds Withheld Account Balance at an
             annual interest rate of 5.5%. Notwithstanding anything to the
             contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement, if the Funds
             Withheld Account Balance is transferred to a trust fund pursuant to
             the Termination Of Funds Withheld Account Section, the Company will
             make every effort to maintain interest accrued in the trust fund at
             a 5.5% annual rate.


DEFINITIONS: A.      "Claims made" will mean those claims first made against the
                     insured during the policy period and occurring on or after
                     the retroactive date, if any.  The date on which a claim is
                     made or reported will be understood to be the earlier of
                     the date on which a written notice of claim is received by
                     the Company, or a report by  telephone is made to the
                     Company by the insured or its representative. Claim made
                     dates for claims made during any extended reporting period
                     for which the Reinsurers are liable hereunder will be
                     deemed to be the last in-force day of the original policy
                     period.

AR 13987 - Effective 7/1/02
San Francisco
Q:\SAN_FRAN\13987\2002\13987027.FPS          Page 8 of 16
<PAGE>
FIRST PROFESSIONALS INSURANCE COMPANY       NET ACCOUNT QUOTA SHARE REINS. AGMT.

             B.      "Extended reporting endorsement" will mean the endorsement
                     or other document issued by the Company on a claims made
                     policy that grants extended reporting period coverage, and
                     will include:

                     1.     Optional extended reporting endorsements purchased
                            at the expiration of modified claims made policies;
                            and

                     2.     Coverage granted under the Company's policies for
                            deceased, disabled, and retired insureds, and other
                            withdrawing insureds.

                     The obligations of the Reinsurers under this Agreement will
                     follow that of the Company as respects all extended
                     reporting endorsements.

             C.      "Extended reporting period" will mean a time period after
                     a claims made policy's termination date within which claims
                     may be made with respect to occurrences happening between
                     the original retroactive date, if any, and the original
                     termination date of the policy.

             D.      "Gross net written premium" will mean the gross written
                     premium of the Company for the business covered hereunder,
                     plus additions, less return premium for cancellations and
                     less premium for reinsurance that inures to the benefit
                     of this Agreement.

             E.      "Insured" will mean each person or group subject to a
                     separate limit of liability under the Company's policy.

             F.      "Loss" will mean the amount of any settlement, award, or
                     judgment the Company has paid or has become liable to
                     pay under policies reinsured hereunder, including:
                     plaintiff's attorney fees to the extent that such fees
                     are included within the limit of the Company's policy; and
                     interest accrued prior to final judgment if included as
                     part of loss on reinsured policies.

                     Loss will not include loss expense, which will be
                     apportioned between the Company and the Reinsurers in
                     proportion to their respective interests in the loss as
                     such interests finally appear.

                     All inuring reinsurance whether recovered or not, and all
                     other recoveries and subrogations which are actually
                     received by the Company, will be first deducted to arrive
                     at the amount of the loss hereunder. All salvages,
                     recoveries, or reinsurance

AR 13987 - Effective 7/1/02
San Francisco
Q:\SAN_FRAN\13987\2002\13987027.FPS          Page 9 of 16
<PAGE>
FIRST PROFESSIONALS INSURANCE COMPANY       NET ACCOUNT QUOTA SHARE REINS. AGMT.


                     received subsequent to any loss settlement hereunder will
                     be applied as if received prior to the settlement, and all
                     necessary adjustments will be made by the parties hereto.
                     Nothing, however, in this definition will be construed as
                     meaning that losses are not recoverable hereunder until the
                     final amount of the Company's loss has been ascertained.

             G.      "Loss expense" will mean all expenses incurred by the
                     Company in the investigation, appraisal, adjustment,
                     litigation, and defense of claims under policies reinsured
                     hereunder, including court costs, interest accrued prior to
                     judgment if included as part of expense on reinsured
                     policies, and interest accrued after final judgment, but
                     excluding internal office expenses, salaries, per diem,
                     and other remuneration of regular Company employees.

             H.      "Retroactive date" will mean the date prescribed in the
                     Company's claims made policy, which is the earliest date
                     losses can actually occur for which an insured can claim
                     coverage.


COMMUTATION: The Company has the option, upon 30 days prior written notice to
             the Reinsurers, to commute this Agreement at the end of any
             calendar quarter thereafter, provided the Funds Withheld Account
             Balance is positive.

             The Reinsurers have the option, without prior notice to the
             Company, to commute this Agreement in its entirety at any time if
             the provisions of the final paragraph of the Termination Of Funds
             Withheld Account Section become operative.

             At Commutation, if the Funds Withheld Account Balance is positive,
             the Reinsurers will release to the Company a return premium equal
             to the Funds Withheld Account Balance.

             In consideration of the above-mentioned release of the return
             premium, the Reinsurers will be released from all current and
             future liabilities under this Agreement.


MAINTENANCE
FEE:         In the event this Agreement is not commuted by July 1, 2007, the
             Company will pay the Reinsurer an annual fee of $150,000 for each
             year (or fraction thereof) this Agreement is not commuted.


AR 13987 - Effective 7/1/02
San Francisco
Q:\SAN_FRAN\13987\2002\13987027.FPS          Page 10 of 16
<PAGE>
FIRST PROFESSIONALS INSURANCE COMPANY       NET ACCOUNT QUOTA SHARE REINS. AGMT.

WARRANTIES:  The Company warrants that:

             A.      All Professional Liability coverage subject to this
                     Agreement will be issued on a claims made form.

             B.      The inuring reinsurance in place at the inception of this
                     Agreement will be deemed to be in effect during the Term of
                     this Agreement, unless prior written consent of the
                     Reinsurers is obtained.


RESERVES AND
FUNDING:     Letter of credit and/or trust agreements required from unauthorized
             Reinsurers for outstanding losses and loss expenses, recoverables,
             IBNR as carried on the Company's books, and unearned premium. The
             cost of any such funding will be paid by the Company.


EXCLUSIONS:  As attached.


OTHER
CONDITIONS:  Access to Records
             Amendments
             Aon Re Inc. Intermediary Clause
             Arbitration
             Currency-- U.S. dollars
             Delays, Errors, or Omissions
             Insolvency
             Offset-- All agreements between the Company and the Reinsurers
                      (and affiliated companies) where Aon Re Inc. is the
                      Intermediary
             Service of Suit
             Settlements
             Subrogation
             Taxes (Federal Excise Tax; if any, to be paid by the Company)


ESTIMATED
GROSS
NET WRITTEN
PREMIUM:     Estimated subject gross unearned premium reserve at July 1, 2002:
                $48,543,003
             Estimated 2002 subject Gross Net Written Premium:  $66,645,015
             Estimated 2003 subject Gross Net Written Premium:  $84,372,509


AR 13987 - Effective 7/1/02
San Francisco
Q:\SAN_FRAN\13987\2002\13987027.FPS          Page 11 of 16
<PAGE>
FIRST PROFESSIONALS INSURANCE COMPANY       NET ACCOUNT QUOTA SHARE REINS. AGMT.

In accordance with your instructions, we have placed reinsurance with the
Reinsurers listed hereon, subject to the terms and conditions hereinabove
stated. We ask that you promptly advise us if the terms, conditions, or
Reinsurers vary in any respect from your instructions. Aon Re Inc. will not be
responsible for the financial or other obligations of any Reinsurers. Should you
desire financial information regarding the Reinsurers listed hereon, please
contact us and we will furnish it.

The Reinsurer's obligations under this Agreement are several and not joint and
are limited solely to the extent of their individual participations. The
Reinsurers are not responsible for the participation of any co-subscribing
Reinsurer who for any reason does not satisfy all or part of its obligations.


REINSURED WITH:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
COMPANY NAME                                FEIN#               SECTION A         SECTION B
<S>                                        <C>                   <C>                <C>
Non-Domestic Companies
E+S Reinsurance (Ireland) Limited          AA-1780017            20.00%             20.00%
Hannover Reinsurance (Ireland) Ltd.        AA-1780023            80.00%             80.00%
                                                                 ------             ------
Total Non-Domestic Companies                                     100.00%            100.00%

Total All Participants                                           100.00%            100.00%
</TABLE>


Assuming that you find everything in order, please indicate your acceptance and
approval by signing and returning this Final Placement Slip to Aon Re Inc.


ACCEPTED &
APPROVED:   /s/ David L. Rader
            --------------------------------------------------------------------

REFERENCE
NUMBER:                                                  DATED:  August 1, 2002
       ----------------------------------------------

(For processing purposes it is important that you provide your Company's
reference number for this program.)

AR 13987 - Effective 7/1/02
San Francisco
Q:\SAN_FRAN\13987\2002\13987027.FPS          Page 12 of 16
<PAGE>
FIRST PROFESSIONALS INSURANCE COMPANY       NET ACCOUNT QUOTA SHARE REINS. AGMT.


                                   EXCLUSIONS


         This Agreement does not apply to and specifically excludes the
following:

A.     Any reinsurance assumed by the Company.

B.     Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Reinsurers
       will not be liable to the Company for any extra contractual obligations
       or losses in excess of policy limits as defined hereinbelow.

       "Extra contractual obligations" as used in this Agreement will mean those
       liabilities of the Company together with any legal costs and expenses
       incurred in connection therewith, paid or payable by the Company as a
       result of an action against it or its reinsured, by any insured or
       reinsured, the assignee of any insured or reinsured, or a third party
       claimant, which arise from the handling of any claim on any insurance
       contract, such liabilities arising because of, but not limited to, the
       following: failure by the Company or its reinsured to settle within the
       policy limit, or by reason of alleged or actual negligence, fraud, or bad
       faith in rejecting an offer of settlement or in the preparation of the
       defense or in the trial of any action against its insured or reinsured or
       in the preparation or prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such
       action.

       "Losses in excess of policy limits" as used in this Agreement will mean
       those losses of the Company or its reinsured in excess of the limit of
       any contract of insurance or reinsurance hereunder, such loss in excess
       of the limit having been incurred because of failure by the Company or
       its reinsured to settle within the policy limit or by reason of alleged
       or actual negligence, fraud, or bad faith in rejecting an offer of
       settlement or in the preparation of the defense or in the trial of any
       action against its insured or reinsured or in the preparation or
       prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such action.

       No inference will be drawn from the foregoing exclusion of liabilities
       that this Agreement or any portion of this Agreement otherwise covers
       such liabilities in the absence of said exclusion.

C.     Declaratory judgment expense. "Declaratory judgment expense" will mean
       all expenses which are incurred by the Company in direct connection with
       declaratory judgment actions brought to determine the Company's policy
       obligations, and which are allocable to specific claims alleged against
       policies subject to this Agreement. Declaratory judgment expense will be
       deemed to have been incurred by the Company on the date of the actual or
       alleged claim giving rise to the declaratory judgment action.

D.     Ex gratia payments. "Ex gratia payments" will mean all settlements of
       losses tendered but not covered under the Company's policies, which
       policies are


AR 13987 - Effective 7/1/02
San Francisco
Q:\SAN_FRAN\13987\2002\13987027.FPS          Page 13 of 16
<PAGE>
FIRST PROFESSIONALS INSURANCE COMPANY       NET ACCOUNT QUOTA SHARE REINS. AGMT.

       otherwise reinsured hereunder. Ex gratia payments will not include
       settlements of losses that arguably are within the contemplation of
       coverage under the Company's policies reinsured hereunder, nor
       settlements made to avoid costs that could be incurred in connection with
       potential or actual litigation relating to coverage issues arising under
       the Company's policies reinsured hereunder.

E.     All business classified by the Company as Health Care Facilities
       Liability, including Hospital Liability.

F.     Business classified by the Company as Non-Standard Risks.

G.     All claims arising from wrongful or unauthorized disclosure of patient
       confidential or privileged medical information.

H.     All claims made under the Broad Form Investigation Defense Coverage Part
       of the Medical Professional Liability Insurance Policy.

I.     Non-owned Auto and Owners, Landlords, and Tenants Coverage.

J.     Managed Care Errors & Omissions.

K.     Directors' & Officers' Liability.

L.     All liability of the Company arising by contract, operation of law, or
       otherwise, from its participation or membership, whether voluntary or
       involuntary, in any insolvency fund. "Insolvency fund" includes any
       guaranty fund, insolvency fund, plan, pool, association, fund, or other
       arrangement, howsoever denominated, established, or governed, that
       provides for any assessment of or payment or assumption by the Company of
       part or all of any claim, debt, charge, fee, or other obligation of an
       insurer, or its successors or assigns, which has been declared by any
       competent authority to be insolvent, or which is otherwise deemed unable
       to meet any claim, debt, charge, fee, or other obligation in whole or in
       part.

M.     Any liability accruing to the Company as a member of any pool,
       association, or syndicate.

N.     No liability will attach hereto in respect of any loss which is
       occasioned by war, invasion, hostilities, acts of foreign enemies, civil
       war, rebellion, insurrection, military or usurped power, or martial law
       or confiscation by order of any government or public authority.

       This War Exclusion will not, however, apply to losses which occur within
       the territorial limits of the United States of America (comprising the
       fifty states of the Union and the District of Columbia and including
       Bridges between the U.S.A. and Mexico provided they are under United
       States ownership), Canada, St. Pierre

AR 13987 - Effective 7/1/02
San Francisco
Q:\SAN_FRAN\13987\2002\13987027.FPS          Page 14 of 16
<PAGE>
FIRST PROFESSIONALS INSURANCE COMPANY       NET ACCOUNT QUOTA SHARE REINS. AGMT.


       and Miquelon, provided such losses are insured under policies,
       endorsements, or binders containing a war or hostilities or warlike
       operations exclusion clause.

O.     Nuclear Incident as per the Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause--
       Liability-- U.S.A. attaching to and forming a part of this Agreement.

P.     The Company's liability for any dividends.







AR 13987 - Effective 7/1/02
San Francisco
Q:\SAN_FRAN\13987\2002\13987027.FPS          Page 15 of 16
<PAGE>
FIRST PROFESSIONALS INSURANCE COMPANY       NET ACCOUNT QUOTA SHARE REINS.AGMT




Please indicate your desired participation by signing and returning one (1) copy
of this Placement  Slip to Aon Re Inc. at 199 Fremont  Street,  12th Floor,  San
Francisco, California 94105.


REINSURER:  Hannover  Reinsurance  (Ireland)  Limited E+S Reinsurance  (Ireland)
            Limited


THRU:
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

AUTHORIZED   100% Split 80%, 20%                REFERENCE
PERCENTAGE:  Respectively, as below             NUMBER:
                                                       -------------------------



BY:           /s/                                          DATED:   31 July 2002
   ----------------------------------------

(For  processing  purposes  it is  important  that you  provide  your  Company's
reference number for this program)


SEAL: Hannover Reinsurance (Ireland) Limited   E+S Reinsurance (Ireland) Limited
                     80%                                      20%









AR 13987 - Effective 7/1/02
San Francisco
Q:\SAN_FRAN\13987\2002\13987027.FPS          Page 16 of 16

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
