<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>put-agrmt.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED PUT OPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                Exhibit 10.42

                    AMENDED AND RESTATED PUT OPTION AGREEMENT

     Amended and Restated  Put Option  Agreement  ("Agreement")  effective as of
September 30, 2001, between Old Fort Insurance Company,  Ltd., a Bermuda company
("Old  Fort")  and  Allmerica  Financial  Corporation,  a  Delaware  corporation
("AFC").

     WHEREAS,  Old Fort  and AFC  wish to  modify  the  terms of the Put  Option
Agreement  between Old Fort and AFC dated as of September  30,  2001,  as now in
effect (the "Original Agreement");

     WHEREAS,  Old Fort is  licensed  to engage  in  insurance  and  reinsurance
business  by, among other  things,  establishing  separate  accounts for certain
insurance or reinsurance contracts entered into, and all collateral  agreements,
pursuant to Old Fort  Insurance  Company,  Ltd.  (Separate  Accounts)  Act, 1999
("Act"); and

     WHEREAS,  pursuant to the Act, Old Fort has established a separate  account
("Separate  Account")  (as that term is defined in the Act) for the  transfer or
credit  of  assets,  reserves  and  other  property  relating  to the  Old  Fort
Retrocession  Agreement  (recited below) to the Separate Account with the effect
that the said assets,  reserves and other property should be legally  segregated
from the general assets of Old Fort and the assets of any other  participants to
Separate Accounts established in Old Fort.

     WHEREAS,  pursuant to the  reinsurance  agreement dated as of September 30,
2001  ("Reinsurance  Agreement")  between Lincoln National  Reassurance  Company
("LNRAC"),  an affiliate of Old Fort, and Allmerica Financial Life Insurance and
Annuity Company ("Allmerica"), an affiliate of AFC, LNRAC has agreed to reinsure
certain of the  liability  of  Allmerica  on policies of insurance as more fully
described in the Reinsurance Agreement; and

     WHEREAS,  pursuant to the retrocession  agreement dated as of September 30,
2001 between LNRAC and Lincoln National Reinsurance Company Limited ("Lincoln"),
an affiliate of Old Fort (the "Lincoln Retrocession Agreement"), LNRAC ceded the
business in the Reinsurance Agreement to Lincoln; and

     WHEREAS,  pursuant to the retrocession  agreement dated as of September 30,
2001  between  Lincoln  and Old Fort (the "Old  Fort  Retrocession  Agreement"),
Lincoln  ceded the business in the Lincoln  Retrocession  Agreement to Old Fort;
and

     WHEREAS,  in  consideration  of the  foregoing  and other good and valuable
consideration,  AFC agrees  that it will from time to time  purchase  non-voting
Preferred Shares - Class A, of par value U.S. $1.00 per share, the attributes of
which are set forth in Exhibit A,  issued by Old Fort on behalf of the  Separate
Account  ("Preferred Shares - Class A") in accordance with the Resolutions to be
adopted by Old Fort's Board of Directors on November 6, 2001, and upon the terms
and  conditions  set forth in this  Agreement,  and AFC is willing to enter into
this  Agreement to purchase the  Preferred  Shares - Class A upon such terms and
conditions.

<PAGE>

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained
and  other  good  and  valuable  consideration,   receipt  of  which  is  hereby
acknowledged,  the  parties  hereto do hereby  agree to amend  and  restate  the
Original Agreement in its entirety as follows:

                                    ARTICLE 1
                                   DEFINITIONS

1.1 Settlement Period:  any calendar quarter during which the absolute value of
the  Experience  Refund  Loss  Carry  Forward,  as  defined  in the  Reinsurance
Agreement, plus the total payments previously made by Old Fort for redemption of
Preferred  Shares - Class A, less the total of all payments  previously  made by
AFC for Preferred Shares - Class A results in a positive number.

1.2 Settlement Amount:  for any Settlement Period,  equals the absolute value of
the Experience Refund Loss Carry Forward plus the total payments previously made
by Old Fort for redemption of Preferred  Shares - Class A, less the total of all
payments previously made by AFC for Preferred Shares - Class A.

                                    ARTICLE 2
                                PREFERRED SHARES

2.1 Purchase of Preferred Shares - Class A

     (a)  For each Settlement Period, Old Fort shall have the right to sell, and
          AFC shall be  obligated  to  purchase,  Preferred  Shares - Class A in
          accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

     (b)  AFC  hereby  covenants  and  agrees  that it will,  subject to Section
          2.1(e),  subscribe  for and  purchase  one  Preferred  Share - Class A
          within 10 days of receipt from Old Fort of a Notice of  Settlement  in
          the form of Exhibit B hereto,  and Old Fort  covenants and agrees that
          it will  sell the  Preferred  Share - Class A to AFC for the  purchase
          price calculated in the manner set forth in Section 2.1(d).  AFC shall
          subscribe  for  the  Preferred  Shares  -  Class  A by  executing  the
          Subscription Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit C.

     (c)  Subject to Section  2.1(b),  the closing of each  purchase and sale of
          Preferred  Shares - Class A will take  place at such place and on such
          date as the parties may agree (the "Closing  Date").  AFC will pay the
          purchase price to Old Fort by wire transfer of  immediately  available
          funds in United States Dollars on the Closing Date.

     (d)  The  purchase  price  for  the  Preferred  Shares  -  Class  A for any
          Settlement  Period shall be an amount equal to the  Settlement  Amount
          for that Settlement  Period. The total amount paid by AFC to purchase
          Preferred

<PAGE>

          Shares -  Class  A  for  any  one  Treaty  Year,  as  defined  in  the
          Reinsurance Agreement, shall not exceed U.S. $40,000,000.

     (e)  The purchase of any Preferred Share - Class A by AFC is subject to the
          permission  of  the  Bermuda  Monetary   Authority  (Foreign  Exchange
          Control).

2.2 Redemption.

     (a)  Within ten (10) days following the date (the  "Redemption  Date") upon
          which AFC shall deliver to Old Fort a written  request for  redemption
          of all (but not less than all) of the Preferred  Shares - Class A then
          held  by  AFC   (which   request   shall  be   accompanied   by  share
          certificate(s)   representing  all  such  shares,  duly  endorsed  for
          cancellation),  Old Fort shall redeem all shares of Preferred Shares -
          Class A then  held  by AFC for a cash  payment  to AFC  (made  by wire
          transfer of immediately  available  funds in United States dollars) in
          an amount equal to the Redemption Amount (as hereinafter defined). The
          Redemption  Amount shall be an amount equal to the greater of (i) zero
          (0) and  (ii)  (A) the  cumulative  aggregate  total  of all  payments
          previously  made  by AFC in  respect  of the  acquisition  thereby  of
          Preferred  Shares - Class A pursuant  to Article 2 hereof,  reduced by
          (B) the cumulative  aggregate total of all payments previously made by
          Old Fort for redemption of Preferred Shares - Class A pursuant to this
          Agreement  reduced by (C) the absolute value of the Experience  Refund
          Loss  Carryforward  plus (D)  sixty-five  percent  (65%) of investment
          income earned on Separate Account assets,  other than any Risk Premium
          Charges,  as defined in the "Form of Retrocession Article" of the Old
          Fort Retrocession Agreement  (hereinafter "Risk Premium Charges"),  as
          shall have been maintained in the Separate Account, each determined as
          of a date as near as practicable to the Redemption Date. The foregoing
          shall be without  prejudice to AFC's obligation to acquire  additional
          Preferred Shares following any Redemption Date pursuant to Section 2.1
          hereof.

     (b)  Upon termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 4.3, all
          Preferred  Shares - Class A then held by AFC shall be  redeemed by Old
          Fort in  exchange  for a  payment  by  wire  transfer  of  immediately
          available  funds in United  States  dollars of an amount  equal to the
          cumulative  aggregate total of all payments previously made by AFC for
          Preferred Shares - Class A, less the cumulative aggregate total of all
          payments  previously  made by Old Fort  for  redemption  of  Preferred
          Shares - Class A, less the  absolute  value of the  Experience  Refund
          Loss  Carryforward  prior to reduction  in this value for  termination
          payments plus any amounts paid by Allmerica to LNRAC upon  termination
          of the  Reinsurance  Agreement for the outstanding  Experience  Refund
          Loss Carryforward  Amount plus sixty-five  percent (65%) of investment
          income earned on Separate Account assets,  other than any Risk Premium
          Charges as shall

<PAGE>

          have  been  maintained  in  the  Separate  Account  (the "Termination
          Amount").  Payment  shall be made by Old Fort under this  Section  2.2
          only upon delivery to Old Fort of the  certificates  representing  the
          Preferred Shares - Class A being redeemed.

2.3 No Resale. AFC shall not sell, exchange,  transfer, assign, pledge, mortgage
or hypothecate  (whether for or without  consideration)  the Preferred  Shares -
Class A.

2.4 No Recourse.  The Preferred Shares - Class A issued hereunder are a security
which  constitutes a separate class of the capital of Old Fort having rights and
entitlements  and being subject to limitations  and  restrictions  which pertain
exclusively  to the Separate  Account and the assets from time to time  credited
thereto; and in particular the Preferred Shares - Class A shall have no recourse
to the assets of any other Separate  Account  established by the Company,  or to
the general assets of Old Fort not credited to any Separate Account, save as may
expressly be provided by this Agreement.

2.5  Liquidation.  In the  event of the  liquidation  of Old  Fort  prior to the
redemption  of any  Preferred  Shares - Class  A, the  assets  credited  to the
Separate Account shall (for the avoidance of doubt) be held by the liquidator of
Old Fort subject to the terms of this Agreement.

2.6  Other  Payments  Upon  Termination.  In the  event of  termination  of this
Agreement  pursuant to Section 4.3, if all Preferred  Shares - Class A have been
redeemed  pursuant  to  Section  2.2,  then  Old Fort  shall  pay to AFC by wire
transfer of immediately available funds in United States dollars an amount equal
to the cumulative  aggregate  total of all payments  previously  made by AFC for
Preferred Shares - Class A, less the cumulative  aggregate total of all payments
previously  made by Old Fort for redemption of Preferred  Shares - Class A, less
the absolute value of the Experience Refund Loss Carryforward prior to reduction
in this value for termination payments plus the aggregate of any amounts paid by
Allmerica  to  LNRAC  upon  termination  of the  Reinsurance  Agreement  for the
outstanding  Experience Refund Loss Carryforward Amount, plus sixty-five percent
(65%) of investment  income earned on Separate  Account  assets,  other than any
Risk Premium Charges as shall have been maintained in the Separate  Account (the
"Other Termination Amount").

2.7 Separate Account  Investments.  Assets held by the Separate Account shall be
held in cash and Permitted Cash Equivalents. Permitted Cash Equivalents for this
purpose shall mean as selected by Old Fort (i) debt  instruments that are United
States governmental  obligations,  commercial paper rated at least P1 by Moody's
Investors Services, Inc.("Moody's") (or an equivalent rating from Moody's or any
successor  rating  organization)  or  at  least  A1  from  Standard  and  Poor's
Corporation ("S&P")") (or an equivalent rating from S&P or any successor
rating organization);  (ii) certificates of deposit or interest-bearing accounts
of any bank or trust  company  whose  debt or the debt of whose  parent  holding
company is rated at least A by Moody's (or an equivalent  rating from Moody's or
any successor rating organization) or at least A by S&P (or an equivalent rating
from S&P or any successor rating organization); (iii) money market

<PAGE>

mutual funds,  substantially  all of which assets consist of the items described
in clauses (i) or (ii) above and (iv) other investments proposed by Old Fort and
approved in advance by AFC or its designee.


                                    ARTICLE 3
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties by the Parties.  Each party hereto represents
and warrants as follows:

     (a)  Due Formation or Incorporation; Authorization of Agreement. Such party
          is duly  organized,  validly  existing and in good standing  under the
          laws of the  jurisdiction  of its  organization  and has the power and
          authority  to own its  property and carry on its business as owned and
          carried on at the date hereof and as contemplated  hereby.  Such party
          is duly  licensed or qualified to do business and is in good  standing
          in each of the jurisdictions in which the failure to be so licensed or
          qualified  would  have a  material  adverse  effect  on its  financial
          condition or its ability to perform its  obligations  hereunder.  Each
          party  has the  power  and  authority  to  execute  and  deliver  this
          Agreement and to perform its obligations  hereunder and the execution,
          delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized by
          all necessary action. This Agreement  constitutes the legal, valid and
          binding  obligations of such party  enforceable in accordance with its
          terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium
          or similar laws relating to creditors' rights and general  principles
          of equity.

     b)   No Conflict  with  Restrictions;  No Default.  Neither the  execution,
          delivery  or  performance  of this  Agreement  by such  party (i) will
          conflict  with,  violate  or result  in a breach of any of the  terms,
          conditions  or  provisions  of  any  law,  regulation,   order,  writ,
          injunction,   decree,   determination  or  award  of  any  court,  any
          governmental department, board, agency or instrumentality, domestic or
          foreign,  or any  arbitrator,  applicable  to such  party,  (ii)  will
          conflict with, violate,  result in a breach of or constitute a default
          under any of the terms,  conditions  or  provisions of the articles of
          incorporation,  bylaws or partnership  agreement of such party, as the
          case may be, or of any  agreement or instrument to which such party is
          a party or by which  such  party is or may be bound or to which any of
          its  properties  or  assets is  subject,  (iii)  will in any  material
          respect conflict with,  violate,  result in a breach of,  constitute a
          default  under  (whether  with  notice  or  lapse  of time  or  both),
          accelerate or permit the acceleration of the performance  required by,
          give to  others  any  interests  or  rights or  require  any  consent,
          authorization  or  approval  under  any  indemnity,   mortgage,  lease
          agreement  or  instrument  to which  such party is a party or by which
          such party is or may be bound,  or (iv) will result in the creation or
          imposition  of any lien upon any of the  properties  or assets of such
          party.

<PAGE>

     (c)  Governmental   Authorizations.   Any   registration,   declaration  or
          notification  with,  or consent,  approval,  license,  permit or other
          authorization  or order by, any  governmental or regulatory  authority
          domestic or foreign,  that is  required in  connection  with the valid
          execution,  delivery  acceptance  and  performance by such party under
          this Agreement has been completed,  made, or obtained on or before the
          effective date of this Agreement.

     (d)  Suitability of Investment.

          (i)  AFC represents and warrants that it is an "accredited investor"
               within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated  under
               the  Securities  Act as presently in effect and is acquiring  the
               Preferred  Shares - Class A for its own  account  for  investment
               purposes  only and not with a view to the resale or  distribution
               thereof;

          (ii) AFC will not,  directly or  indirectly,  offer,  sell,  transfer,
               assign,  exchange or otherwise  dispose of all or any part of the
               Preferred  Shares - Class A except to Old Fort in accordance with
               the provisions of this Agreement;

          (iii)AFC has been  given the  opportunity  to obtain  information  and
               documents  relating  to Old  Fort  and to  ask  questions  of and
               receive answers from  representatives  of Old Fort concerning Old
               Fort and the investment in the Preferred Shares - Class A;

          (iv) AFC has such knowledge and experience in financial,  business and
               tax matters  that it can,  and it has,  adequately  analyzed  the
               risks of an investment  in the Preferred  Shares - Class A and it
               has  determined  the  Preferred  Shares - Class A are a  suitable
               investment  for it and that it is able at this  time,  and in the
               foreseeable  future, to bear the economic risk of a total loss of
               its investment; and

          (v)  AFC is aware  that there are  substantial  risks  incident  to an
               investment in the Preferred Shares - Class A.

                                    ARTICLE 4
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

4.1  No registration of  Preferred  Shares - Class  A.  AFC is  aware  that the
Preferred  Shares - Class A have not been and will not be  registered  under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities  Act"),  that any offer and
issuance  of the  Preferred  Shares  - Class A is  intended  to be  exempt  from
registration  under the Securities Act and the rules  promulgated  thereunder by
the United States  Securities  and Exchange

<PAGE>

Commission,  and that the  Preferred  Shares - Class A cannot be offered,  sold,
assigned,  transferred  or  otherwise  disposed of unless they are  subsequently
registered  under the Securities Act or an exemption from such  registration  is
available.  AFC is also aware that sales or transfers of the Preferred  Shares -
Class A are and will be further restricted by state securities laws and that the
certificates for the Preferred  Shares - Class A will bear  appropriate  legends
restricting their transfer pursuant to applicable laws and this Agreement.

4.2 Financial  Statements.  AFC shall promptly deliver to Old Fort copies of all
of its  filings  with the United  States  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission,
shareholder  communications,  and  such  other  information  as Old  Fort  shall
reasonably request.

4.3  Termination.  This  Agreement  may be terminated by Old Fort by thirty (30)
days written notice to AFC, and the Agreement shall terminate  automatically  in
the  event  of,  and as of the same  date  as,  termination  of the  Reinsurance
Agreement;  provided  that  AFC's  obligations  under this  Agreement  shall not
terminate  unless  and  until  Allmerica's  and  LNRAC's  obligations  under the
Reinsurance  Agreement,  Lincoln's  and  LNRAC's  obligations  under the Lincoln
Retrocession Agreement,  Lincoln's and Old Fort's obligations under the Old Fort
Retrocession  Agreement,  and  Old  Fort's  and  AFC's  obligations  under  this
Agreement have been fully satisfied.

4.4 Waiver of Defenses.  To the extent  permitted by law, AFC hereby  waives all
rights and defenses it may have to avoid its  obligations  under this Agreement.
In  particular,  the  obligations  of  AFC  hereunder  shall  not  be  released,
discharged or otherwise affected by:

     (a)  any extension,  renewal, settlement,  compromise, waiver or release in
          respect of any obligation of LNRAC or Allmerica  under the Reinsurance
          Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise;

     (b)  any release, impairment, non-perfection or invalidity of any direct or
          indirect  security for any obligation of LNRAC or Allmerica  under the
          Reinsurance Agreement;

     (c)  any change in the  corporate  existence,  structure  or  ownership  of
          LNRAC,  Lincoln,  Old  Fort,  Allmerica  or  AFC  or  any  insolvency,
          bankruptcy,  reorganization  or  other  similar  proceeding  affecting
          LNRAC,  Lincoln, Old Fort, Allmerica or AFC or any of their respective
          assets,  or any  resulting  release or discharge of any  obligation of
          LNRAC or Allmerica contained in the Reinsurance Agreement;

     (d)  the existence of any claim, set-off or other rights which AFC may have
          at  any  time  against  Old  Fort  or any  other  person,  whether  in
          connection herewith or any unrelated transactions;

<PAGE>


     (e)  any  invalidity  or  unenforceability  relating to or against LNRAC or
          Allmerica  for any  reason  under  the  Reinsurance  Agreement  or any
          provision of applicable  law or regulation  purporting to prohibit the
          payment by LNRAC or  Allmerica  of any amount  payable by it under the
          Reinsurance Agreement;

     (f)  a determination by any insurance  regulatory authority that AFC should
          have been  licensed  as an  insurer  or is  otherwise  subject  to the
          insurance  laws of any  such  jurisdiction  in  connection  with  this
          Agreement or the transactions contemplated in this Agreement; or

     (g)  any  other act or  omission  to act or delay of any kind by any of the
          parties or any other person or any other circumstance whatsoever which
          might,  but for the provisions of this Section,  constitute a legal or
          equitable discharge of or defense to AFC's obligations hereunder.

4.5 Binding  Effect,  Successors  and Assigns.  The provisions of this Agreement
will be binding  upon and inure to the benefit of the  parties  hereto and their
respective  successors  and permitted  assigns.  This  Agreement or the benefits
hereof or the  obligations  hereunder  may not be assigned  by any party  hereto
without the prior written consent of the other party hereto.

4.6  Amendment;  Waiver.  This  Agreement  may  be  amended  only  by a  written
instrument signed by the parties hereto. No waiver by either party hereto of any
provision hereof will be effective unless set forth in a writing executed by the
party so waiving.

4.7 Notices. All notices,  requests,  demands,  waivers and other communications
required or  permitted to be given under this  Agreement  will be in writing and
will be deemed to have been duly given when received either by (i) telecopy (the
receipt of which is confirmed) or (ii) Express  Mail,  Federal  Express or other
courier service, as follows:


If to Old Fort, to it at:

         Address:    1700 Magnavox Way
                     P.O. Box 7808
                     Fort Wayne, IN  46801-7808
         Attention:  President
         Telecopy:   219-455-9040

If to AFC, to it at:

         Address:    440 Lincoln Street
                     Worcester, MA  01653

<PAGE>

         Attention:  Mark C. McGivney
                     Vice President and Treasurer
         Telecopy:   508-852-4236

4.8  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in two or more  counterparts,
and by  different  parties on separate  counterparts,  each set of  counterparts
showing  execution by all parties  will be deemed an original,  but all of which
will constitute one and the same instrument.

4.9  Further  Assurance.  Each  party  hereto  agrees to  execute,  acknowledge,
deliver,  file and record such further  certificates,  amendments,  instruments,
agreements  and documents,  and to do all such other acts and things,  as may be
required by law or as may be  necessary or advisable to carry out the intent and
purposes of this Agreement.

4.10 Rights  Cumulative;  Waiver.  The rights and remedies of the parties hereto
will be  cumulative  and not  exclusive  of any rights or remedies  which either
would  otherwise  have  hereunder  or at law or in equity or by statute,  and no
failure or delay by either party in  exercising  any right or remedy will impair
any such right or remedy or  operate  as a waiver of such  right or remedy,  nor
will any single or partial  exercise of any power or right preclude such party's
other or further  exercise  or the  exercise  of any other  power or right.  The
waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any provision of this  Agreement  will
not operate or be construed as a waiver of any  preceding or  succeeding  breach
and no failure by either party to exercise any right or privilege hereunder will
be deemed a waiver of such  party's  rights or  privileges  hereunder or will be
deemed a waiver of such party's  rights to exercise  the same at any  subsequent
time or times hereunder.

4.11  Governing  Law.  This  Agreement  will be  governed by and  construed  and
enforced in accordance with the laws of Bermuda.

4.12  Arbitration.  If AFC  and Old  Fort  cannot  mutually  resolve  a  dispute
regarding the  interpretation or operation of this Agreement,  the dispute shall
be decided through  arbitration as set forth in Exhibit D. The arbitrators shall
base their  decision  on the terms and  conditions  of this  Agreement  plus the
Reinsurance  Agreement,  the  Lincoln  Retrocession  Agreement  and the Old Fort
Retrocession  Agreement,  rather than solely on a strict  interpretation  of the
applicable law. There shall be no appeal from their decision, except that either
party may petition a court having  jurisdiction over the parties and the subject
matter to reduce the arbitrator's decision to judgment.

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties have  executed  this  Agreement as of the date
first above written.

OLD FORT INSURANCE COMPANY, LTD.


By:      /s/ Thomas E. Skillman

Name:    Thomas E. Skillman

Title:   Vice President


ALLMERICA FINANCIAL CORPORATION


By:      /s/ Mark C. McGivney

Name:    Mark C. McGivney

Title:   Vice President



<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A

                    ATTRIBUTES OF PREFERRED SHARES - CLASS A


The Preferred Shares - Class A shall have the following rights, restrictions and
other attributes:

     1. VOTING

          Except  in a case  where a class  vote  is  required  by law or by the
          Bye-Laws of Old Fort, the holders of Preferred  Shares - Class A shall
          have no right to vote or to receive  notices of or attend at  meetings
          of Old Fort.

     2. DIVIDEND

          The holders of Preferred  Shares - Class A shall be not be entitled to
          receive dividends.

     3. REDEMPTION

          The  holders  of  Preferred  Shares - Class A shall  enjoy  redemption
          rights  as  set  forth  in  Article  2 of  the  Put  Option  Agreement
          ("Agreement") of September 30, 2001 between Old Fort and AFC.

     4. RETURN OF CAPITAL

          The  holders  of  Preferred  Shares - Class A shall  enjoy  return  of
          capital rights as set forth in the Agreement.

     5. TRANSFERABILITY

          The Preferred Shares - Class A will be  non-transferable in accordance
          with Article 2 of the Agreement.

     6. OTHER

          The holders of Preferred  Shares - Class A shall have no  pre-emptive,
          preferential  or other right to  purchase,  subscribe  for or take any
          other shares of Old Fort, whether now or hereafter  authorised,  or to
          purchase, subscribe for or take any other securities or obligations of
          Old Fort convertible into or carrying an option or right to vote or to
          purchase any other shares of Old Fort.




<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT B
                              NOTICE OF SETTLEMENT
                              --------------------


     To:        Allmerica Financial Corporation ("AFC")

     From:      Old Fort Insurance Company, Ltd. ("Old Fort")

     Attention: [   ]

     Date:      [   ]

     Dear Sirs

     Separate Account No. [   ] of Old Fort

     We refer to the Notice of Settlement  pursuant to section 2.1(b) of the Put
     Option  Agreement  between AFC and Old Fort dated  September  30, 2001 (the
     "Agreement").  Capitalised  terms in this Notice have the meanings given to
     them in the Agreement.

     1. We refer to the Settlement Period for the calendar quarter as follows:
        [     ].

     2. We hereby certify that the Settlement Amount is [ ].

     3. The Settlement Amount has been calculated as follows:

          Experience  Refund  Loss  Carry  Forward                    $[    ]
          plus  the  total  of all  payments  previously made
          by Old Fort for redemption of Preferred Shares - Class A

          Less: total of all payments  previously made by AFC         $[    ]
          for Preferred Shares - Class A
                                                                      _______
                          Settlement Amount                           $[    ]
                                                                      =======

     Accordingly we hereby request payment of the Settlement  Amount pursuant to
     section 2.1(b) of the Agreement.

     The above information is hereby certified true and correct.



     Authorised Signatory
     For and behalf of Old Fort
     Insurance Company, Ltd.

<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT C

                               SUBSCRIPTION SHEET
                               ------------------

To:      The Directors
         Old Fort Insurance Company, Ltd.
         ("the Company")
_________________________________________________________________________


The undersigned  subscriber hereby applies for the allotment to it of the number
of Preferred  Shares - Class A set opposite its below at a price  calculated  in
accordance with Section 2.1(d) of the Put Option  Agreement  ("Agreement") as of
September 30, 2001 between the Company and Allmerica Financial Corporation which
is payable in  accordance  with Section 2.1 (b) of the Agreement and agrees that
this subscription shall be final, binding and unconditional upon allotment;  and
that the Company need not issue a share  certificate  therefor until such shares
are fully paid.

The undersigned  subscriber  hereby represents and warrants to, and agrees with,
the Company that the representations and warranties as contained in Article 3 of
the Agreement remain true and accurate as of the date hereof.

Subscriber                    Number of Shares                       Signature
----------                    ----------------                       ---------


 Bermudian:  No


                                            ____________________________________
                                            Duly authorized for and on behalf of
                                            Allmerica Financial Corporation


<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT D

Any  controversy  or claim arising out of or relating to this  Agreement will be
settled by arbitration.

There must be three (3) arbitrators who must be impartial and must be present or
former officers of life insurance or life  reinsurance  companies other than the
parties or their  affiliates.  Each of the parties  will  appoint one (1) of the
arbitrators and these two (2) arbitrators  will select the third (the "Umpire").
In the event that either party should fail to choose an arbitrator within thirty
(30)  days  following  a  written  request  by the  other  party  to do so,  the
requesting  party may  choose  two (2)  arbitrators  who will in turn  choose an
Umpire before  entering upon  arbitration.  If the two (2)  arbitrators  fail to
agree upon the selection of an Umpire within  thirty (30) days  following  their
appointment,  either party may ask ARIAS-US to appoint the Umpire.  However,  if
ARIAS-US  is unable to appoint an Umpire who is  impartial  and who is or was an
officer of a life insurance or life  reinsurance  company other than the parties
or their  affiliates,  then  either  party may ask a court to appoint the Umpire
pursuant to the Uniform  Arbitration Act or any similar  statute  empowering the
court to appoint an arbitrator, in which case the requirement that the Umpire be
a present or former  officer of a life  insurance  or life  reinsurance  company
shall be waived.

The  arbitrators  will decide all matters by majority vote.  They will establish
the  procedural  rules for the  arbitration  and allocate  among the parties the
expenses of the arbitration. They shall interpret this Agreement as an honorable
engagement  and are not bound by the  strict  formalities  of law.  They are not
empowered to assess punitive damages.

The arbitration  panel shall determine all arbitration  schedules and procedural
rules.   Organizational   and  other   meetings  shall  be  held  in  Worcester,
Massachusetts, unless the panel shall select another location.

The award agreed by the arbitrators  will be final, and judgement may be entered
upon it in any court having jurisdiction.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
