<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>gwoodvllge.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10.25 GREENWOOD VILLAGE
<TEXT>






                                                               Loan No. 70004021






                                 LOAN AGREEMENT



                                     between

                      GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION,
                             a Delaware corporation

                                   ("Lender")

                                       and

                          CNL RETIREMENT-AM/COLORADO LP
                         a Delaware limited partnership

                                  ("Borrower")




                               $11,000,000.00 Loan

                     The Heritage Club at Greenwood Village
                           Greenwood Village, Colorado
<PAGE>
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS



RECITALS.1

ARTICLE I The Loan...........................................................2

ARTICLE II Security..........................................................5

ARTICLE III Conditions Precedent.............................................5

ARTICLE IV Representations and Warranties....................................8

ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants..............................................15

ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants................................................20

ARTICLE VII Events of Default; Acceleration of Indebtedness; Remedies........21

ARTICLE VIII Miscellaneous...................................................23

EXHIBIT A  Legal Description
EXHIBIT B  Leases
EXHIBIT C  Litigation


SCHEDULE I  Net Operating Income
SCHEDULE II  Index of Defined Terms

SENIOR HOUSING RIDER
<PAGE>
                                                                Loan No. 7004021

                                 LOAN AGREEMENT


              This LOAN AGREEMENT  (this  "Agreement")  is made this ____ day of
August,  2002  between  CNL   RETIREMENT-AM/COLORADO   LP,  a  Delaware  limited
partnership    ("Borrower"),    whose    sole    general    partner    is    CNL
RETIREMENT-GP/COLORADO  CORP., a Delaware corporation  ("General Partner"),  and
GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Lender").

                                    RECITALS

              A.  Lender  has  agreed to make a loan (the  "Loan")  to  Borrower
subject to the terms and conditions  contained herein.  The Loan is evidenced by
that certain  Promissory Note A of even date herewith in the original  principal
amount  of  Seven  Million  One  Hundred  Fifty   Thousand  and  No/100  Dollars
($7,150,000.00)  and that certain  Subordinated  Promissory  Note B of even date
herewith in the original  principal  amount of Three Million Eight Hundred Fifty
Thousand and No/100 Dollars  ($3,850,000.00)  (said notes, together with and all
amendments thereto and substitutions therefor are hereinafter referred to as the
"Note").  The terms and provisions of the Note are hereby incorporated herein by
reference in this Agreement.

              B.  Borrower  is or on the  Closing  Date  will be the  owner of a
skilled nursing,  assisted living and dementia care facility located in Arapahoe
County,  Colorado,  commonly known as The Heritage Club at Greenwood Village and
more  particularly  described  on  Exhibit A hereto  (the  "Property"),  and the
improvements  located  thereon  (collectively  called the  "Improvements").  The
Property and the Improvements are sometimes collectively called the "Project".

              C.  Borrower  will use the proceeds of the Loan for the purpose of
acquiring or  refinancing  the Project and for the other  purposes  contemplated
hereby.

              D. Borrower's obligations under the Loan will be secured by, among
other things,  (a) a first priority  Mortgage,  Assignment of Rents and Security
Agreement Deed of Trust,  Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and
Fixture Filing of even date herewith (the  "Mortgage")  encumbering the Project,
and (b) an Assignment of Leases and Rents of even date herewith  ("Assignment of
Leases") encumbering the Project.  This Agreement,  the Note, the Mortgage,  the
Assignment of Leases, the Agreement of Principals,  the Environmental  Indemnity
and  any  other  documents  evidencing  or  securing  the  Loan or  executed  in
connection  therewith,  and any modifications,  renewals and extensions thereof,
are referred to herein collectively as the "Loan Documents."

              E. An index of defined terms appears on the attached  Schedule II.


              NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
conditions and agreements contained herein, the parties agree as follows:
<PAGE>
                                    ARTICLE I
                                    The Loan
                                    --------

1.1      Disbursements.
         -------------

              1.1.1. Initial Funding. On the Closing Date, Lender shall disburse
to Borrower from the proceeds of the Loan the sum of $9,100,000.00 (the "Initial
Funding  Amount").  "Closing Date" means the date of disbursement of the Initial
Funding Amount.

              1.1.2.  Additional  Advances.  Lender  shall  make one  additional
advance of the Loan in the amount of  $1,900,000.00  fifteen (15)  business days
following a request  therefore  from  Borrower  and  Lender's  receipt,  review,
approval  and/or  confirmation  of the  following,  each  in  form  and  content
satisfactory to Lender in its sole discretion:

              (a) There is not a material  Event of Default  hereunder  or under
         any of the other Loan Documents.

              (b) The  representations  and  warranties  contained  in this Loan
         Agreement  and in all other Loan  Documents are true and correct in all
         material respects.

              (c)  Lender  shall  have  received,   at  Borrower's  expense,  an
         endorsement  to the Title Policy  insuring the priority of the Mortgage
         with respect to such advance and indicating  that no intervening  liens
         exist against the Project.

              (d)  Borrower  shall  have  paid the Costs  incurred  by Lender in
         connection with such advance  (including  title charges,  and costs and
         expenses of Lender's attorneys).

              (e) No change shall have  occurred in the  financial  condition of
         Borrower or any Principal,  which would have, in Lender's  judgment,  a
         material adverse effect on the Loan, the Project,  or Borrower's or any
         Principal's   ability  to  perform  its  obligations   under  the  Loan
         Documents.

              (f) No material  condemnation or adverse, as determined by Lender,
         zoning or usage  change  proceeding  shall have  occurred or shall have
         been  threatened  against  the  Project;  the  Project  shall  not have
         suffered  any  damage  by fire or  other  casualty  which  has not been
         repaired or is not being restored in accordance with this Agreement; no
         law,  regulation,   ordinance,   moratorium,   injunctive   proceeding,
         restriction,  litigation,  action,  citation or similar  proceeding  or
         matter  shall  have  been  enacted,   adopted,  or  threatened  by  any
         governmental  authority,  which would have,  in  Lender's  judgment,  a
         material adverse effect on the Project or Borrower's or any Principal's
         ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents.

              (g) On the thirtieth  (30th) day of the month  preceding the month
         in  which  the  additional  advance  is  requested,  the  proforma  Net
         Operating  Income  (as  defined on  Schedule I attached  hereto) of the
         Property shall be at least $1,800,000.00.
<PAGE>
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  Lender  shall  not be  obligated  to make  any
additional advance of Loan proceeds after February 27, 2004.

     1.2      Loan Term.
              ---------

              1.2.1.  Maturity Date. The Loan shall mature on August 31, 2007 or
such earlier date upon which the Loan is paid in full or becomes due and payable
in full, whether by acceleration or otherwise (the "Maturity Date").

              1.3 Interest  Rate.  Prior to an Event of Default,  Borrower shall
pay interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Loan at a floating rate
per annum equal to the Base Rate plus three and nine-tenths percent (3.90%) (the
aggregate rate referred to as the "Interest  Rate").  "Base Rate" shall mean the
rate  published each day in The Wall Street Journal for notes maturing three (3)
months after issuance under the caption "Money Rates,  London Interbank  Offered
Rates  (LIBOR)".  The Interest Rate for each calendar month shall be fixed based
upon the Base Rate published  prior to and in effect on the first (1st) business
day of such month;  provided,  however, the Interest Rate from and including the
Closing Date  through  September 1, 2002 shall be fixed based upon the Base Rate
in effect on the business day immediately  preceding the Closing Date.  Interest
shall be calculated based on a 360 day year and charged for the actual number of
days elapsed.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Interest Rate shall not at any
time be less  than  six and  one-half  percent  (6.5%).  Following  an  Event of
Default, the Borrower will pay interest on the outstanding  principal balance of
the Loan and all other amount owing by Borrower  under the Loan Documents at the
Default Rate (as defined in the Note).

     1.4      Payments.
              ---------
              1.4.1.  Interest  Payment.  Borrower shall make interest  payments
monthly in arrears on the first  (1st) day of each month  commencing  October 1,
2002 computed on the outstanding  principal  balance of the Loan at the Interest
Rate; provided, however, interest for the period from and after the Closing Date
through  September  30, 2002 shall be paid in advance on the Closing Date at the
rate described in Section 1.3 above.

              1.4.2.  Principal Payments. In addition to the payments made under
Section 1.4.1 hereof,  Borrower  shall make  principal  payments  monthly on the
first day of each month  commencing  October 1, 2002. The amount of each monthly
installment  of  principal  shall be equal to the amount  which  would  amortize
$9,100,000.00  over three hundred (300) months,  computed at an annual  interest
rate of six and one-half percent (6.5%); provided however, (i) if the additional
advance  contemplated by Section 1.1.2 hereof is made,  thereafter the amount of
each monthly  installment  payable  hereunder shall be equal to the amount which
would  amortize  $11,000,000.00  over three hundred (300) months  computed at an
annual  interest  rate of six  and  one-half  percent  (6.5%),  and  (ii) if any
prepayment of principal is made pursuant to Section 1.6.2 hereof, thereafter the
amount  of each  monthly  installment  payable  hereunder  shall be equal to the
amount which would amortize the then outstanding  principal  balance of the Loan
over three hundred (300) months  computed at an annual  interest rate of six and
one-half percent (6.5%).
<PAGE>
     1.5  Sources and Uses.  The sources and uses of funds for the  contemplated
transaction are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<s><c>
                      SOURCES                                                   USES
      Borrower's Equity:               $ 7,145,375.00          Purchase Price:                  $17,865,375.00
      Loan:                                                    Loan Payoff:                     $         0.00
      --Initial Funding                                        Developer Fee:                   $         0.00
      Amount:                          $ 9,100,000.00          Accrued Interest:                $         0.00
      --Additional Advances:           $ 1,900,000.00          Application Fee                  $     5,000.00
      --Holdback:                      $         0.00          Closing Costs:                   $    50,000.00
      Accrued Interest:                $         0.00          Broker Fees:                     $   110,000.00
      Holdbacks:                       $         0.00          Commitment Fee:                  $   110,000.00
      Total:                           $18,145,375.00          Total:                           $18,145,375.00
</TABLE>
Borrower  shall  deliver  such  information  and  documentation  as Lender shall
request to verify that the sources and uses are as indicated above.

     1.6      Prepayments of the Loan.

              1.6.1  Restrictions  on Prepayment  Borrower may not prepay all or
     any portion of the Loan prior to  September 1, 2004.  Thereafter,  Borrower
     may prepay the Note in full or in part at any time, provided Borrower gives
     Lender at least thirty (30) days prior written  notice and pays to Lender a
     prepayment  premium in an amount equal to the  corresponding  percentage of
     principal prepaid:

                Loan Year                                 Percentage
                ---------                                 ----------
                 Third                               one percent (1.0%)
                 Fourth                                     Zero
                 Fifth                                      Zero


              "Loan Year" shall mean the period  from the Closing  Date  through
the last  day of the  same  month in the  following  year  and  thereafter  each
successive twelve (12) month period.

              1.6.2 Special Prepayment Rights. Notwithstanding the provisions of
Section 1.6.1 hereof, (a) during any period when the Debt Service Coverage Ratio
is less than 1.5 to 1.0, Borrower may, without payment of a prepayment  premium,
prepay the portion of the Loan which will cause the Debt Service  Coverage Ratio
to be 1.5 to 1.0, such  prepayment to be made upon 30 days prior written  notice
to Lender,  and (b) any  prepayment  which is made  pursuant to Section 4 of the
Mortgage may be made without payment of a prepayment penalty.
<PAGE>
                                   ARTICLE II
                                    Security
                                    --------

    2.1 Collateral.  The Loan and all other  indebtedness and obligations  under
the  Loan  Documents  shall  be  secured  by the  following  (collectively,  the
"Collateral"): (a) the Mortgage, (b) the Assignment of Leases, and (c) any other
collateral  or security  described  in this  Agreement  or required by Lender in
connection with the Loan.

                                  ARTICLE III
                              Conditions Precedent
                              --------------------

        Lender's obligation to disburse the Initial Funding Amount is subject to
satisfaction of all of the following conditions:

    3.1 Loan Documents. Lender shall have received the following Loan Documents,
all in form and substance satisfactory to Lender:

        (a) this Agreement;

        (b) the Note;

        (c) the Mortgage;

        (d) the Assignment of Leases;

        (e) such Uniform  Commercial  Code  financing  statements  as Lender may
    require;

        (f)  an  agreement  of  principals  regarding   non-recourse   exception
    liability (the "Agreement of  Principals"),  executed by General Partner and
    CNL Retirement  Properties,  Inc., a Maryland corporation  (collectively the
    "Principals");

        (g) a hazardous wastes indemnity agreement ("Environmental  Indemnity"),
    executed by Borrower and the Principals; and

        (h)  a  security   agreement  and  related   documents   ("Cash  Account
    Agreement")  granting  Lender a perfected  first lien  security  interest in
    Borrower's  interest in the Reserve and Security Deposit (as those terms are
    defined in the Tenant Lease).

    3.2 Appraisal.  Lender shall obtain an appraisal report for the Project,  in
form and content acceptable to Lender,  prepared by an independent MAI appraiser
in accordance with the Financial  Institutions Reform,  Recovery and Enforcement
Act ("FIRREA") and the regulations  promulgated  pursuant to such act.  Borrower
may provide to Lender a copy of any FIRREA appraisal prepared for another Lender
within the past six (6) months.  Lender may, in its sole discretion:  (a) accept
such appraisal;  (b) request an update of such  appraisal;  or (c) retain an MAI
appraiser to perform a new appraisal.
<PAGE>
    3.3 Title Policy and  Endorsements.  Lender shall have received a commitment
for  title  insurance  in an amount  and  issued  by a title  insurance  company
satisfactory  to Lender.  On the Closing Date,  Lender shall receive an ALTA (or
equivalent) mortgagee policy of title insurance ("Title Policy"),  acceptable to
Lender, in the maximum amount of the Loan,  insuring  marketability of title and
insuring  that the lien of the  Mortgage is a valid  first lien on the  Project,
subject only to exceptions to title  approved by Lender.  The Title Policy shall
also  contain any  reinsurance  and  endorsements  required by Lender  including
without  limitation  creditors'  rights,  zoning 3.1,  variable rate,  usury and
extended coverage endorsements (Comprehensive Form 1).

    3.4 Survey. Lender shall have received and approved a survey of the Project,
dated no more than six (6)  months  prior to the  Closing  Date,  prepared  by a
registered  land  surveyor  in  accordance  with the 1999  American  Land  Title
Association/  American Congress on Surveying and Mapping Standards and certified
in favor of Lender and the title  insurer.  The surveyor  shall certify that the
Property is not in a flood hazard area as identified by the Secretary of Housing
and Urban  Development.  The survey shall be sufficient for the title insurer to
remove the general survey exception.

    3.5 Environmental Report. Lender shall have received a Phase I Environmental
audit of the Project. The audit shall (i) be addressed to Lender or Lender shall
have obtained a reliance  letter which is acceptable to Lender;  (ii) state that
Lender  may  rely  thereon;  and  (iii)  be  acceptable  to  Lender  in its sole
discretion.

    3.6 Leases.  Lender shall have  reviewed  and  approved the Lease  Agreement
dated March 21, 2002 between Borrower,  as landlord,  and ARC Greenwood Village,
Inc. (the "Tenant"), as tenant (the "Tenant Lease") and all leases, licenses and
other  agreements  with regard to the occupancy of the Property  entered into by
Tenant, including patient and resident care agreements (such agreements, whether
now existing or hereafter entered into being the "Subleases").  The Tenant Lease
and the Subleases are collectively called the "Leases"). Lender must approve all
Leases except  Subleases with residents  which are entered into by Tenant in the
ordinary  course of  business  and in  accordance  with the terms of the  Tenant
Lease. If any  non-residential  Leases exist or are hereafter  entered into with
respect to the  Property,  such lease form shall  provide  that the tenant shall
attorn to Lender,  and that any  cancellation,  surrender  or  amendment of such
lease without the prior  written  consent of Lender shall be voidable by Lender,
and each tenant  thereunder  shall  execute  and deliver to Lender  prior to the
Closing  or prior  to the  execution  thereof  by  Borrower,  as  applicable,  a
Subordination  and  Attornment  Agreement  in a form  reasonably  acceptable  to
Lender.

    3.7  Insurance.  Borrower  shall have provided  Lender with and Lender shall
have approved copies of certificates  evidencing the insurance policies required
to be delivered pursuant to the Mortgage.

    3.8  Compliance  with Laws.  Borrower  shall have submitted and Lender shall
have approved (a) a final  certificate of occupancy (or the  equivalent) for the
Project,  (b) evidence  satisfactory to Lender that the Project  complies in all
material respects with all applicable laws (including,  without limitation,  all
building,   zoning,  density,  land  use,  ordinances,   regulations,   planning
requirements, and health care permits and licenses),  covenants,  conditions and
restrictions,  subdivision requirements (including,  without limitation,  parcel
maps), and environmental impact and other environmental requirements.
<PAGE>
    3.9 Commitment Fee.  Borrower shall have paid Lender a commitment fee in the
amount of $110,000.00  which commitment fee shall be nonrefundable  and shall be
deemed fully earned upon receipt.

    3.10 Audit Requirement. Lender shall have determined that the annualized Net
Operating  Income  (as  defined  in  Schedule  I  attached  hereto)  is at least
$1,450,000.00.

    3.11  Organization  Documents.   All  documents  evidencing  the  formation,
organization,  valid existence,  good standing, and due authorization of and for
Borrower and each Principal for the execution,  delivery, and performance of the
Loan Documents by Borrower and each Principal.

    3.12  Opinions.  Legal  opinions  issued by counsel  for  Borrower  and each
Principal, opining as to the due organization, valid existence and good standing
of Borrower and each Principal, and the due authorization,  execution, delivery,
enforceability  and validity of the Loan Documents with respect to, Borrower and
each  Principal;  that the Loan,  as  reflected  in the Loan  Documents,  is not
usurious; to the extent that Lender is not otherwise satisfied, that the Project
and its use is in full  compliance  with all legal  requirements;  that the Loan
Documents do not create or constitute a partnership,  a joint venture or a trust
or fiduciary  relationship  between  Borrower  and Lender;  and as to such other
matters as Lender and Lender's counsel reasonably may specify.

    3.13 Tenant Lease.  A certified copy of the Tenant Lease and the guaranty of
the Tenant Lease dated March 21, 2002 executed by Tenant  Guarantor (the "Tenant
Guaranty").  A current resident roll of the Project,  certified by Tenant, which
shall include the following information with respect to the Subleases: (a) names
of the tenants;  (b) unit/suite  numbers;  (c) area of each demised premises and
total area of the Project (stated in net rentable square feet);  (d) rental rate
(including  escalations);  (e) lease term (commencement,  expiration and renewal
options);   (f)  any   expense   pass-throughs;   (g)   cancellation/termination
provisions; and (h) security deposit. In addition, Borrower shall provide Lender
with (a) a certificate that the current resident roll certified by Tenant is, to
Borrower's knowledge,  true and correct in all material respects,  (b) a copy of
the standard lease form used by Tenant in leasing space in the Project,  and (c)
at Lender's request, true and correct copies of all Subleases of the Project.

    3.14  Financial  Condition.  No change shall have  occurred in the financial
condition of Borrower,  any Principal or Tenant,  or in the Net Operating Income
of the  Project,  which would have,  in Lender's  judgment,  a material  adverse
effect on the Project or on Borrower's or any  Principal's  ability to repay the
Loan or otherwise  perform its obligations  under the Loan Documents.  No Tenant
Guarantor Adverse Event shall have occurred.

    3.15  Condemnation;  Casualty.  No  condemnation  or adverse zoning or usage
change proceeding shall have occurred or shall have been threatened  against the
Project;  the Project shall not have suffered any significant  damage by fire or
other  casualty  which has not been  repaired;  no law,  regulation,  ordinance,
moratorium, injunctive proceeding, restriction,  litigation, action, citation or
similar proceeding or matter shall have been enacted,  adopted, or threatened by
any governmental  authority,  which would have, in Lender's judgment, a material
adverse effect on Borrower, any Principal or the Project.
<PAGE>
    3.16 Fees and Commissions.  All fees and commissions  payable to real estate
brokers, mortgage brokers, or any other brokers or agents in connection with the
Loan or the  acquisition  of the  Project  have been paid,  such  evidence to be
accompanied by any waivers or indemnifications deemed necessary by Lender.

    3.17  Budget.  The Budget  showing  total  costs  relating to closing of the
proposed  transaction,  all uses of the initial advance,  amounts  allocated for
future advances (if any), and all other amounts  approved by Lender as set forth
in Section 1.5 of this Agreement.

    3.18  Fees  and  Expenses.   Payment  of  Lender's  costs  and  expenses  in
underwriting,  documenting,  and closing  the  transaction,  including  fees and
expenses of Lender's inspecting engineers, consultants, and outside counsel.

    3.19  Estoppels;   Subordination   Agreements.   Estoppel  certificates  and
subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreements from Tenant.

    3.20  Representations  and Warranties.  The  representations  and warranties
contained in this Loan  Agreement  and in all other Loan  Documents are true and
correct.

    3.21 Event of Default. No Event of Default shall exist.

    3.22  Additional  Items.  Lender shall have received such other documents or
items as Lender may reasonably require.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                         Representations and Warranties
                         ------------------------------

          As an  inducement  to Lender to  disburse  the Loan,  Borrower  hereby
represents and warrants as follows,  which  representations and warranties shall
be true as of the date hereof and shall remain true  throughout  the term of the
Loan:

    4.1  Borrower  Existence.  Borrower is a limited  partnership  duly  formed,
validly  existing and in good  standing  under the laws of the State of Delaware
with its  principal  place of  business  at 450 South  Orange  Avenue,  Orlando,
Florida  32801.  Borrower  is in good  standing  under  the laws of the State of
Colorado and is  authorized to transact  business in the State of Colorado.  The
Loan Documents have each been duly  authorized,  executed and delivered and each
constitutes  the duly  authorized,  valid  and  legally  binding  obligation  of
Borrower enforceable against Borrower in accordance with their respective terms.
<PAGE>
4.2      Partners Existence.
         ------------------

         4.2.1.   General  Partner.   General  Partner  is  a  corporation  duly
organized,  validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware  with its  principal  place of  business  at 450 South  Orange  Avenue,
Orlando,  Florida 32801. General Partner is the sole general partner of Borrower
and owns one percent  (1%) of the  partnership  interests  in Borrower  free and
clear of all liens,  claims,  and encumbrances.  General Partner has full right,
power and  authority  to  execute  the Loan  Documents  on its own behalf and on
behalf of Borrower.  CNL Retirement-GP Hold Corp., a Delaware corporation is the
sole shareholder of General Partner.

         4.2.2.  Principals  Existence.  CNL  Retirement  Properties,  Inc. is a
corporation,  duly  organized,  validly  existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Maryland with its principal  place of business at 450 South
Orange Avenue,  Orlando,  Florida 32801. CNL Retirement Properties,  Inc. is (a)
the indirect owner of all the limited partnership interests in Borrower, and (b)
the sole shareholder of CNL Retirement-GP Hold Corp. CNL Retirement  Properties,
Inc. has full right,  power and authority to execute the Loan Documents to which
it is a party on its own behalf.

         4.2.3. Ownership of Borrower. CNL Retirement Properties, Inc., directly
or  indirectly,  owns all of the  interests  in  Borrower  free and clear of all
liens, claims, encumbrances and rights of others.

         4.2.4. Authority. Brad Rush or any successor to his position shall have
authority  to  make  all  material  business  decisions  (including  a  sale  or
refinance) for Borrower during the term of the Loan.

    4.3  Borrower's  Partnership  Agreement.  A true  and  complete  copy of the
partnership  agreement  creating  Borrower  and any and all  amendments  thereto
(collectively,  the "Partnership  Agreement") have been furnished to Lender. The
Partnership Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the partners and is
binding upon and enforceable against each of the partners in accordance with its
terms. There are no other agreements, oral or written, among any of the partners
relating to Borrower.  No material breach exists under the Partnership Agreement
and no condition exists which,  with the giving of notice or the passage of time
would constitute a breach under the Partnership Agreement.

    4.4  Corporate  Documents.  A true  and  complete  copy of the  articles  of
incorporation and by-laws of the Principals and all other documents creating and
governing the Principals (collectively, the "Incorporation Documents") have been
furnished to Lender. There are no other agreements,  oral or written,  among any
of  the  shareholders  of  the  Principals  relating  to  the  Principals.   The
Incorporation Documents were duly executed and delivered,  are in full force and
effect,  and binding upon and  enforceable in accordance  with their terms.  The
Incorporation   Documents   constitute  the  entire   understanding   among  the
shareholders   of  the   Principals.   No  material   breach  exists  under  the
Incorporation  Documents and no act has occurred and no condition  exists which,
with the giving of notice or the passage of time would constitute a breach under
the Incorporation Documents.
<PAGE>
    4.5  Other  Agreements.  Borrower  is  not in  default  under  any  material
contract,  agreement  or  commitment  to  which it is a  party.  The  execution,
delivery and compliance  with the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the
Loan  Documents  will not (i) to the best of Borrower's  knowledge,  violate any
provisions  of law or any  applicable  regulation,  order or other decree of any
court or  governmental  entity,  or (ii)  conflict or be  inconsistent  with, or
result in any default  under,  any  contract,  agreement or  commitment to which
Borrower is bound.  Borrower has  delivered to Lender  copies of any  agreements
(including  leases) between Borrower and any Affiliate related in any way to the
Project and any other agreements or documents  materially  affecting the use and
operation of the Project. Neither Borrower nor General Partner is a party to any
agreement or instrument or subject to any court order,  injunction,  permit,  or
restriction  which would likely  adversely  affect the Project or the  business,
operations,  or  condition  (financial  or  otherwise)  of  Borrower  or General
Partner.

    4.6 Property. Fee simple title to the Property is owned by Borrower free and
clear  of  all  liens,   claims,   encumbrances,   covenants,   conditions   and
restrictions,  security  interests  and  claims  of  others,  except  only  such
exceptions as have been approved in writing by Lender. To the best of Borrower's
knowledge,  the Project is in compliance with all zoning requirements,  building
codes,  subdivision  improvement agreements,  and all covenants,  conditions and
restrictions of record.  The zoning and subdivision  approval of the Project and
the right and  ability to, use or operate  the  Improvements  are not in any way
dependent on or related to any real estate other than the Property.  To the best
of  Borrower's  knowledge,  there are no, nor are there any alleged or asserted,
violations  of  law,  regulations,   ordinances,   codes,   permits,   licenses,
declarations,  covenants,  conditions,  or  restrictions  of  record,  or  other
agreements  relating  to the  Project,  or any part  thereof.  Borrower  has all
requisite  licenses,  permits,  franchises,   qualifications,   certificates  of
occupancy or other governmental  authorizations to own and lease the Project and
carry on its  business,  and the Project is in  compliance  with all  applicable
legal  requirements  and is free of  structural  defects,  and,  to the  best of
Borrower's  knowledge after due inquiry,  all building systems contained therein
are in good working  order,  subject to ordinary wear and tear. The Project does
not  constitute,  in  whole or in  part,  a  legally  non-conforming  use  under
applicable legal requirements.

    4.7 Property Access.  The Property is accessible  through fully improved and
dedicated roads accepted for maintenance and public use by the public  authority
having jurisdiction.

    4.8 Utilities.  All utility services necessary and sufficient for the use or
operation of the Project are available including water,  storm,  sanitary sewer,
gas, electric and telephone facilities. Such utilities are located in the public
right-of-way abutting the Project, and all such utilities are connected so as to
serve the Project without passing over other property, except to the extent such
other  property is subject to a perpetual  easement for such utility  benefiting
the Project.

    4.9  Flood  Hazards/Wetlands.  The  Property  is  not  situated  in an  area
designated  as having  special  flood  hazards as defined by the Flood  Disaster
Protection Act of 1973, as amended,  or as a wetlands by any governmental entity
having jurisdiction over the Property.
<PAGE>
    4.10  Taxes/Assessments.  The Project is comprised  of one or more  parcels,
each of which  constitutes  a separate tax lot and none of which  constitutes  a
portion of any other tax lot. There are no unpaid or outstanding  real estate or
other taxes or assessments on or against the Project or any part thereof, except
general real estate taxes for 2002 not yet due or payable. Copies of the current
general real estate tax bills with respect to the Project have been delivered to
Lender.  Said bills  cover the entire  Project  and do not cover or apply to any
other property. There is no pending or contemplated action pursuant to which any
special assessment may be levied against any portion of the Project.

    4.11 Eminent Domain.  There is no eminent domain or condemnation  proceeding
pending  or, to the best of  Borrower's  knowledge  threatened,  relating to the
Project.

    4.12  Litigation.  Except as set forth in Exhibit B, there is no litigation,
arbitration or other proceeding or governmental investigation pending or, to the
best of Borrower's  knowledge,  threatened against or relating to Borrower,  any
partner  in  Borrower,  any  Principal  or any of  their  property,  assets,  or
business,  including the Project,  which if decided  adversely  would affect the
business, affairs, assets or financial condition of Borrower, any Principal, the
Project, or the prospects for repayment of the Loan.

    4.13 Accuracy. Neither this Agreement nor any document, financial statement,
credit information,  certificate or statement furnished to Lender by Borrower or
the  Principals  contains any untrue  statement  of a material  fact or omits to
state a material fact which would affect Lender's decision to make the Loan.

    4.14 Foreign Ownership. Neither Borrower nor any partner in Borrower nor any
Principal  is or will be, and no legal or  beneficial  interest  of a partner in
Borrower is or will be held, directly or indirectly, by a "foreign corporation",
"foreign  partnership",  "foreign trust",  "foreign  estate",  "foreign person",
"affiliate"  of a  "foreign  person"  or a  "United  States  intermediary"  of a
"foreign  person"  within the meaning of IRC Sections 897 and 1445,  the Foreign
Investments  in  Real  Property  Tax  Act of  1980,  the  International  Foreign
Investment Survey Act of 1976, the Agricultural  Foreign  Investment  Disclosure
Act of  1978,  or the  regulations  promulgated  pursuant  to  such  Acts or any
amendments to such Acts.

    4.15  Solvency.  Neither  Borrower,  nor any  partner in  Borrower,  nor any
Principal  is  insolvent  and there  has been no:  (i)  assignment  made for the
benefit of the creditors of any of them; (ii)  appointment of a receiver for any
of them or for the property of any of them; or (iii) bankruptcy, reorganization,
or liquidation proceeding instituted by or against any of them. Neither Borrower
nor any Principal is  contemplating  either the filing of a petition by it under
state or federal  bankruptcy or insolvency  laws or the  liquidation of all or a
major portion of its assets or property,  and neither Borrower nor any Principal
has  knowledge  of any  Person  contemplating  the  filing of any such  petition
against it.  Giving effect to the Loan,  the fair  saleable  value of Borrower's
assets exceeds and will,  immediately  following the making of the Loan,  exceed
Borrower's  total  liabilities,  including,  without  limitation,  subordinated,
unliquidated,  disputed and contingent  liabilities.  The fair saleable value of
Borrower's assets is and will,  immediately following the making of the Loan, be
greater than Borrower's  probable  liabilities,  including the maximum amount of
its  contingent  liabilities  on its debts as such  debts  become  absolute  and
matured.  Borrower's assets do not and, immediately  following the making of the
Loan will not,  constitute  unreasonably small capital to carry out its business
as conducted or as proposed to be  conducted.  Borrower  does not intend to, and
does not believe that it will, incur debts and liabilities (including contingent
liabilities and other commitments)  beyond its ability to pay such debts as they
mature  (taking  into  account  the timing and amounts of cash to be received by
Borrower  and the  amounts to be payable  on or in  respect  of  obligations  of
Borrower).
<PAGE>
    4.16 Financial  Statement/No  Change.  Borrower has heretofore  delivered to
Lender  copies of the most  current  financial  statements  of Borrower  and the
Principals.  Said financial  statements were prepared on a basis consistent with
that of preceding years (except for the 2002 financial  statements of Borrower),
and all of such financial  statements present fairly the financial  condition of
said Borrower and the  Principals as of the dates in question and the results of
operations for the periods indicated. Since the dates of such statements,  there
has been no material  adverse  change in the business or financial  condition of
either Borrower or the Principals.  Neither  Borrower nor the Principals has any
material contingent  liabilities not provided for or disclosed in said financial
statements.  There has been no material  adverse  change since March 31, 2002 in
the structure, business operations,  credit, prospects or financial condition of
Borrower,  any  Principal  or the Project.  The  financial  statements  that are
hereafter  delivered to Lender  pursuant to Section  5.3.1(a)  shall be true and
correct copies of the financial statements Borrower received from Tenant and, to
Borrower's  knowledge,  fairly present the financial condition of the Tenant and
the results of operation for the periods indicated.

    4.17  Single  Asset  Entity.  Borrower:  (i)  does  not  hold,  directly  or
indirectly,  any ownership interest (legal or equitable) in any real or personal
property  other than the interest  which it owns in the  Project;  (ii) is not a
shareholder or partner or member of any other entity; and (iii) does not conduct
any business other than the ownership of the Property.

    4.18 No Broker.  No  brokerage  commission  or finder's  fee is owing to any
broker  or  finder  arising  out of any  actions  or  activity  of  Borrower  in
connection with the Loan, other than the commission  payable to Dockerty Romer &
Company.

    4.19 Employees.  Borrower does not have any employees and shall not have any
employees  until after the Repayment  Date. No employee  benefit plan (a "Plan")
subject to the Employee  Retirement  Income  Security Act of 1974  ("ERISA") and
regulations  issued  pursuant to ERISA that is  maintained  by Borrower or under
which Borrower could have any material  liability  under ERISA (i) has failed to
meet minimum  funding  standards  established in Section 302 of ERISA,  (ii) has
failed to substantially comply with all applicable  requirements of ERISA and of
the Internal  Revenue Code,  including all  applicable  rulings and  regulations
thereunder, or (iii) has engaged in or been involved in a prohibited transaction
(as defined in ERISA) under ERISA or under the Internal  Revenue  Code.  Neither
Borrower  nor any  member of a  Controlled  Group  that  includes  Borrower  has
assumed,  or received  notice of a claim  asserted  against  Borrower or another
member of the  Controlled  Group for,  withdrawal  liability  (as defined in the
Multi-Employer  Pension Plan Amendments Act of 1980, as amended) with respect to
any  multi-employer  pension  plan.  Borrower  has  timely  made  when  due  all
contributions  with  respect  to any  multi-employer  pension  plan in  which it
participates  and no event has  occurred  triggering  a material  claim  against
Borrower for  withdrawal  liability with respect to any  multi-employer  pension
plan in which  Borrower  participates.  The term  "Controlled  Group"  means all
businesses  that would be treated as a single  employer  under Section 401(b) of
ERISA.

    4.20 Security  Deposits.  Borrower has not collected nor is it in receipt of
any  security  deposit or similar  deposits  from any  resident or tenant of the
Project, except for the Security Deposit, as defined in the Tenant Lease.

    4.21  Leases.  Borrower  represents  and  warrants to Lender with respect to
Leases of the Project  that:  (1) the Tenant Lease and Tenant  Guaranty are each
valid  and in and full  force  and  effect;  (2) to  Borrower's  knowledge,  the
resident  roll  delivered to Lender which  describes  the  Subleases is true and
correct and the  Subleases  are in full force and effect;  (3) the Tenant  Lease
(including  amendments)  is in writing,  and there are no oral  agreements  with
respect  thereto;   (4)  to  Borrower's   knowledge  the  Subleases   (including
amendments)  are in  writing  and  there  are no oral  agreements  with  respect
thereto;  (5) the copy of the Tenant  Lease and  Tenant  Guaranty  delivered  to
Lender  are true and  complete  and,  to  Borrower's  knowledge,  the  Subleases
reviewed by Lender are true and complete; (6) neither the Borrower nor Tenant is
in default  under the Tenant  Lease;  (7) to  Borrower's  knowledge  neither the
Tenant  nor any  tenant  under a  Sublease  is in  default  with  respect to any
Sublease;  (8) Borrower has no knowledge of any notice of termination or default
with  respect to any Lease;  (9) Borrower has not assigned or pledged the Tenant
Lease nor its  interest in any  Subleases,  the rents or any  interests  therein
except to Lender; (10) neither the Tenant, Tenant Guarantor,  any tenant under a
Sublease nor any other party has an option to purchase all or any portion of the
Project; (11) except as provided therein,  neither the Tenant, nor to Borrower's
knowledge,  any tenant under a Sublease,  has the right to  terminate  its Lease
prior to  expiration  of the stated  term of such  Lease;  and (12)  neither the
Tenant, nor to Borrower's  knowledge,  any tenant under a Sublease,  has prepaid
more than one month's rent in advance  (except for bona fide  security  deposits
not in excess of an amount equal to one month's rent).

    4.22 Margin  Stock.  No portion of the proceeds of the Loan shall be used by
Borrower in any manner that might cause the borrowing or the application of such
proceeds  to violate  Regulations  G, U, T or X or any other  regulation  of the
Board of Governors of the Federal  Reserve  System or to violate the  Securities
Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

    4.23 Tax Filings.  Borrower and each  Principal have filed (or have obtained
effective  extensions  for  filing)  all  federal,  state and local tax  returns
required to be filed and have paid or made adequate provision for the payment of
all federal,  state and local taxes, charges and assessments payable by Borrower
and each Principal, respectively.

    4.24 Full and Accurate Disclosure. No statement of fact made by or on behalf
of  Borrower  or any  Principal  in this  Agreement  or in any of the other Loan
Documents contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any
material  fact  necessary  to make  statements  contained  herein or therein not
misleading.  There is no fact  presently  known to  Borrower  which has not been
disclosed to Lender which adversely affects, nor as far as Borrower can foresee,
might  adversely  affect,  the Project or the business,  operations or condition
(financial or otherwise) of Borrower or any Principal.
<PAGE>
4.25     Compliance with Anti-Terrorism Orders.
         -------------------------------------

         (a) Borrower and each partner,  member or stockholder in Borrower,  and
    all  beneficial  owners  of  Borrower  and  any  such  partner,   member  or
    stockholder,   are  in  compliance  with  all  laws,  statutes,   rules  and
    regulations  of any federal,  state or local  governmental  authority in the
    United  States of America  applicable to such  Persons,  including,  without
    limitation,  the  requirements  of Executive  Order No. 13224,  66 Fed. Reg.
    49079  (Sept.  25,  2001)  (the  "Order")  and  other  similar  requirements
    contained  in the rules and  regulations  of the  Office  of  Foreign  Asset
    Control, Department of the Treasury ("OFAC") and in any enabling legislation
    or other  Executive  Orders in  respect  thereof  (the  Order and such other
    rules,  regulations,  legislation,  or orders  are  collectively  called the
    "Orders").  Borrower  agrees to make its policies,  procedures and practices
    regarding  compliance  with the  Orders  of any  Persons  who,  pursuant  to
    transfers permitted by the Mortgage, become stockholders,  members, partners
    or other  investors  of  Borrower  available  to Lender  for its  review and
    inspection during normal business hours and upon reasonable prior notice.

         (b) Neither  Borrower,  any partner,  member or stockholder in Borrower
    nor the  beneficial  owner  of  Borrower  or any  such  partner,  member  or
    stockholder:

             (i) is listed on the  Specially  Designated  Nationals  and Blocked
         Persons  List  maintained  by OFAC  pursuant to the Order and/or on any
         other list of terrorists or terrorist organizations maintained pursuant
         to any of the rules and  regulations  of OFAC or  pursuant to any other
         applicable  Orders  (such  lists are  collectively  referred  to as the
         "Lists");

             (ii) is a Person who has been determined by competent  authority to
         be subject to the prohibitions contained in the Orders;

             (iii) is owned or controlled  by, nor acts for or on behalf of, any
         Person on the  Lists or any other  Person  who has been  determined  by
         competent authority to be subject to the prohibitions  contained in the
         Orders;

             (iv) shall  transfer  or permit the  transfer  of any  interest  in
         Borrower  or any  Principal  to any Person  who is or whose  beneficial
         owners are listed on the Lists; or

             (v) shall knowingly lease space in the Project to any Person who is
         listed on the Lists or who is engaged in illegal activities.

         (c) If Borrower obtains knowledge that Borrower or any of its partners,
    members or  stockholders  or their  beneficial  owners  become listed on the
    Lists or are  indicated,  arraigned,  or  custodially  detained  on  charges
    involving money laundering or predicate crimes to money laundering, Borrower
    shall immediately notify Lender.
<PAGE>
         (d) If Borrower  obtains  knowledge  that Tenant or any tenant  under a
    Sublease  has  become  listed  on the  Lists or is  convicted,  pleads  nolo
    contendere,   indicted,   arraigned,  or  custodially  detained  on  charges
    involving money laundering or predicate crimes to money laundering, Borrower
    shall immediately notify Lender.

         (e) If Tenant or any tenant  under a Sublease is listed on the Lists or
    is  convicted  or pleads  nolo  contendere  to charges  related to  activity
    prohibited in the Orders,  then proceeds from the rents of such tenant shall
    not be used to pay debt  service  and  Borrower  shall  provide  Lender such
    representations  and  verifications as Lender shall reasonably  request that
    such rents are not being so used.

         (f) If  Tenant or any  tenant  under a  Sublease  is  arrested  on such
    charges,   and  such  charge  is  not  dismissed  within  thirty  (30)  days
    thereafter,  Lender may at its option notify  Borrower to exclude such rents
    from the debt service payments.

         (g) If Borrower or any  Principal  is listed on the Lists,  no earn-out
    disbursements,  escrow disbursements,  or other disbursements under the Loan
    Documents  shall be made and all such funds shall be paid in accordance with
    the direction of a court of competent jurisdiction.

                                   ARTICLE V
                              Affirmative Covenants
                              ---------------------

    5.1 Inspection.  Subject to the rights of Tenant,  Lender and its authorized
agents may enter upon and inspect the Project  upon  reasonable  advance  notice
given orally or in writing to Borrower and Borrower shall pay the Costs incurred
in connection therewith.

    5.2 Books and Records/Audits.  Borrower shall keep and maintain at all times
at Borrower's address stated below, or such other place as Lender may approve in
writing (a)  complete and  accurate  books of accounts  and records  adequate to
reflect the results of its operation,  (b) complete  copies of all the financial
statements  required to be provided to Lender pursuant to Section 5.3 below, and
(c)  copies  of all  written  contracts,  correspondence,  reports  of  Lender's
independent  consultant,  if any,  and other  documents  affecting  the Project.
Lender and its designated agents shall have the right to inspect and copy any of
the foregoing.  Additionally,  Lender may audit the Borrower's books and records
from time to time upon  reasonable  advance notice given orally or in writing to
Borrower.  Borrower shall be responsible for payment of the Costs of an audit in
connection  with an advance of funds under Section 1.1.2 hereof and the Costs of
all audits conducted during an Event of Default.

    5.3 Financial Statements; Balance Sheets; Budgets. Borrower shall furnish to
Lender  and shall  cause the  Principals  to furnish  to Lender  such  financial
statements  and other  financial  information  as  Lender  may from time to time
reasonably  request.  All such  financial  statements  shall  show all  material
contingent  liabilities  and shall  accurately and fairly present the results of
operations  and the financial  condition of Borrower and Principals at the dates
and for the period  indicated.  Without  limitation of the  foregoing,  Borrower
shall  furnish to Lender  and shall  cause  Principals  to furnish to Lender the
following statements:

                                       3
<PAGE>
         5.3.1.   Monthly      and     Annual      Operating      Statements.
                  -----------------------------------------------------------

                  (a) All  financial  statements  received from Tenant under the
         Lease,  which shall, in any event,  include statements of the operation
         of the Project  (including  a current  resident  roll,  balance  sheet,
         monthly   operating    statements   (showing   monthly   activity   and
         year-to-date,  and stating operating  revenues,  operating expenses and
         operating income for the calendar month just ended and calculating,  as
         of the end of such  month,  the amount of the Reserve and the amount of
         the  Tenant  Shortfall  Reserve))  monthly  delinquency  reports  and a
         monthly  schedule of  delinquency  of receipts and  payments) as of the
         last day of each  calendar  month,  to be delivered  within twenty (20)
         days after the end of each  calendar  month and  certified by Tenant as
         true, correct, and complete,  and yearly statements of the operation of
         the Project,  to be delivered  within ninety (90) days after the end of
         each  fiscal  year  and  certified  by  Tenant  as true,  correct,  and
         complete. Borrower shall certify to Lender that the foregoing financial
         statements are, to Borrower's knowledge, true, correct and complete.

                  (b) On or before the  twentieth  (20th)  day of each  calendar
         month,  Borrower  shall  submit to Lender a statement  for the calendar
         month just ended and calculating,  as of the end of such month, the Net
         Operating Income and the Debt Service Coverage Ratio,  which statements
         will be  certified  by  Borrower  as true,  correct  and  complete.  If
         requested  by  Lender,  Borrower  shall  deliver  to  Lender a  written
         statement  setting  forth any variance from the annual budget under the
         Tenant  Lease,  and  other  documentation  supporting  the  information
         disclosed in the most recent financial statements.

         5.3.2. Annual Balance Sheets and Financial  Statements.  Annual balance
sheets and financial  statements from Borrower and each other Principal,  within
ninety (90) days of the end of each  fiscal year of Borrower  which are true and
correct in all respects,  have been prepared in accordance with sound accounting
practices  (and as to CNL  Retirement  Properties,  Inc. have been audited by an
independent  public accountant  satisfactory to Lender),  and fairly present the
financial  condition(s)  of the person(s)  referred to therein as of the date(s)
indicated.

         5.3.3.  Accounting  Principles.   All  financial  statements  shall  be
prepared in accordance with sound accounting  principles,  consistently  applied
from year to year. If the financial statements are prepared on an accrual basis,
such  statements  shall  be  accompanied  by  a  reconciliation  to  cash  basis
accounting principles.

         5.3.4.  Other  Information.  Borrower  shall  deliver  to  Lender  such
additional information regarding Borrower,  its subsidiaries,  its business, any
Principal, and the Project within 30 days after Lender's request therefor.

         5.3.5.   Annual  Budget.  At  least  thirty  (30)  days  prior  to  the
commencement  of each fiscal year,  Borrower will provide to Lender the Tenant's
proposed annual operating and capital  improvements  budget for such fiscal year
and Borrower  shall not approve such proposed  budgets  without  Lender's  prior
written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
<PAGE>
    5.4 Notice of Litigation or Default.  Borrower shall promptly provide Lender
        with:

         (a) written  notice of any  litigation  or  arbitration  pending or, to
    Borrower's or any Principal's  knowledge,  threatened against or relating to
    Borrower,  any  Principal,  or the  Project  involving  amounts in excess of
    $100,000.00;

         (b)  a  copy  of  all  notices  of  default  and  violations  of  laws,
    regulations,   codes,   ordinances  or  other   proceeding  or  governmental
    investigation and the like received by Borrower or any Principal relating to
    Borrower,  the Collateral or the Project,  including without  limitation,  a
    comprehensive list of all deficiencies identified during survey(s) conducted
    by any regulatory  agency,  as well as any corrective action plans submitted
    to the agency;

         (c) copies of all  surveys  and  inspections  conducted  by  regulatory
    agencies; and

         (d) a copy of all  notices  sent to or received  from Tenant  under the
    Tenant Lease, Tenant Guarantor under the Tenant Guaranty or Tenant Guarantor
    under the Earnout Agreement dated March 21, 2002 between Borrower and Tenant
    Guarantor (the "Earnout Agreement").

    5.5 Affiliate  Transactions.  Prior to entering  into any agreement  with an
Affiliate pertaining to the Project,  Borrower shall deliver to Lender a copy of
such  agreement,  which  shall  be  satisfactory  to  Lender  in its  reasonable
discretion.  If requested by Lender,  such  agreement  shall provide  Lender the
right to  terminate  it upon  Lender's (or its  designee's)  acquisition  of the
Project  through  foreclosure,  a  deed-in-lieu  of  foreclosure,  UCC  sale  or
otherwise.

        "Affiliate"  means  with  respect  to  any  individual,  trust,  estate,
partnership, limited liability company, corporation or any other incorporated or
unincorporated  organization  (each a  "Person"),  a  Person  that  directly  or
indirectly, through one or more intermediaries,  controls or is controlled by or
is under common control with Borrower or any Principal;  any officer,  director,
partner or shareholder of such Borrower or any Principal; any relative of any of
the foregoing. The term "control" means possession,  directly or indirectly,  of
the power to direct or cause the direction of the  management  and policies of a
Person,  whether  through the  ownership  of voting  securities,  by contract or
otherwise.

    5.6 Lien on Certain Deposits. Borrower shall at all times have on deposit in
the account described in Section 1(a) of the Cash Account  Agreement,  an amount
of cash equal to the aggregate amount of the Security  Deposit,  as that term is
defined in the Tenant Lease. Additionally, if Borrower, pursuant to the terms of
the Tenant Lease, establishes an account in Borrower's name in which the Reserve
is to be held,  such account  shall be the account  described in Section 1(b) of
the Cash  Account  Agreement.  Borrower  shall not  commingle  such funds in the
aforementioned   accounts  (the  "Deposit  Accounts)"with  any  other  funds  of
Borrower.  Prior to an Event of Default,  Lender agrees to allow Borrower to use
such funds in the Deposit  Accounts  solely for the  purposes  specified  in the
Tenant Lease.  Following an Event of Default,  Borrower shall not be entitled to
make withdrawals from the Deposit Accounts and Lender shall release such amounts
directly  to Tenant as  required by the Tenant  Lease upon  Lender's  receipt of
evidence  reasonably  satisfactory to Lender that such amounts are due to Tenant
and that no default  exists under the Tenant Lease.  Upon payment in full of the
Loans and all other  amounts due Lender under the Loan  Documents,  Lender shall
pay any remaining amounts on deposit pursuant to this Section 5.6 to Borrower.
<PAGE>
    5.7 Leases.  Borrower (a) shall perform the  obligations  which  Borrower is
required to perform under the Tenant Lease; (b) shall enforce the obligations to
be performed by the Tenant under the Tenant Lease and Tenant Guarantor under the
Tenant Guaranty;  and (c) shall promptly furnish to Lender any notice of default
or  termination  received by Borrower from Tenant or Tenant  Guarantor,  and any
notice  of  default  or  termination  given by  Borrower  to  Tenant  or  Tenant
Guarantor.

    5.8 Estoppels.  At Lender's request from time to time, Borrower shall obtain
and  furnish to  Lender,  written  estoppels  in form and  substance  reasonably
satisfactory to Lender, executed by Tenant.

    5.9 Taxes;  Charges.  Borrower  shall pay or cause  Tenant to pay before any
fine, penalty,  interest or cost may be added thereto,  and shall not enter into
any agreement to defer, any real estate taxes and  assessments,  franchise taxes
and  charges,  and other  governmental  charges  that may become a lien upon the
Project or become payable during the term of the Loan, and will promptly furnish
Lender with  evidence of such payment.  Borrower  shall not suffer or permit the
joint  assessment  of the Project with any other real  property  constituting  a
separate tax lot or with any other real or personal property. Borrower shall pay
when due all claims and demands of mechanics,  materialmen,  laborers and others
which, if unpaid, might result in a lien on the Project;  however,  Borrower may
contest the validity of such claims and demands so long as (a) Borrower notifies
Lender that it intends to contest such claim or demand,  (b)  Borrower  provides
Lender  with an  indemnity,  bond  or  other  security  satisfactory  to  Lender
(including an endorsement to Lender's title insurance  policy  insuring  against
such claim or demand) assuring the discharge of Borrower's  obligations for such
claims and  demands,  including  interest  and  penalties,  and (c)  Borrower is
diligently  contesting the same by appropriate  legal  proceedings in good faith
and at its own expense and concludes  such contest prior to the tenth (10th) day
preceding  the  earlier to occur of the  Maturity  Date or the date on which the
Project is scheduled to be sold for non-payment.

    5.10  Control.  There  shall be no  change  in the  day-to-day  control  and
management of Borrower or General  Partner  without the prior written consent of
Lender which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

    5.11  Taxes on  Security.  Borrower  shall pay all taxes,  charges,  filing,
registration and recording fees,  excises and levies payable with respect to the
Note or the liens created or secured by the Loan  Documents,  other than income,
franchise and doing business taxes imposed on Lender.  If there shall be enacted
any law (a)  deducting the Loan from the value of the Project for the purpose of
taxation,  (b) affecting any lien on the Project,  or (c) changing existing laws
of taxation of mortgages,  deeds of trust,  security  deeds, or debts secured by
real  property,  or changing the manner of collecting  any such taxes,  Borrower
shall promptly pay to Lender, on demand,  all taxes, costs and charges for which
Lender is or may be liable as a result thereof;  however,  if such payment would
be  prohibited  by law or  would  render  the Loan  usurious,  then  instead  of
collecting  such  payment,  Lender may declare all amounts  owing under the Loan
Documents to be immediately due and payable.
<PAGE>
    5.12 Legal  Existence;  Name,  Etc.  Borrower and General Partner shall each
preserve  and keep in full  force and  effect its  existence  as a single  asset
entity, entity status,  franchises,  rights and privileges under the laws of the
state of its formation, and all qualifications,  licenses and permits applicable
to the ownership of the Project. Neither Borrower nor General Partner shall wind
up,  liquidate,  dissolve,  reorganize,  merge, or consolidate  with or into, or
convey,  sell,  assign,  transfer,   lease,  or  otherwise  dispose  of  all  or
substantially  all of its  assets,  or acquire all or  substantially  all of the
assets of the business of any Person.  Borrower and General  Partner  shall each
conduct  business only in its own name and shall not change its name,  identity,
or organizational  structure,  unless Borrower (a) shall have obtained the prior
written  consent of Lender to such change,  and (b) shall have taken all actions
necessary  or requested  by Lender to file or amend any  financing  statement or
continuation  statement to assure  perfection and  continuation of perfection of
security  interests under the Loan Documents.  Borrower and General Partner,  if
any,  shall  maintain  its  separateness  as an  entity,  including  maintaining
separate books,  records,  and accounts and observing  corporate and partnership
formalities  independent of any other entity, shall pay its obligations with its
own  funds  and shall not  commingle  funds or  assets  with  those of any other
entity.

    5.13 Further Assurances. Borrower shall promptly (a) cure any defects in the
execution and delivery of the Loan  Documents,  and (b) execute and deliver,  or
cause to be executed and  delivered,  all such other  documents,  agreements and
instruments as Lender may reasonably  request to further evidence and more fully
describe  the  collateral  for the Loan,  to correct any  omissions  in the Loan
Documents,  to perfect,  protect or preserve any liens  created under any of the
Loan  Documents,  or to make any  recordings,  file any  notices,  or obtain any
consents, as may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith.

    5.14 Estoppel  Certificates.  Borrower,  within ten (10) days after request,
shall furnish to Lender a written statement,  duly  acknowledged,  setting forth
the amount due on the Loan,  the terms of payment of the Loan, the date to which
interest has been paid,  whether any offsets or defenses  exist against the Loan
and, if any are alleged to exist,  the nature thereof in detail,  and such other
matters as Lender reasonably may request.

    5.15 Notice of Certain Events.  Borrower shall promptly notify Lender of (a)
any event or condition which, with the giving of notice, the passage of time, or
both, would constitute an Event of Default,  together with a detailed  statement
of the steps  being  taken to cure such  event or  condition;  (b) any notice of
default received by Borrower under other obligations  relating to the Project or
otherwise  material to Borrower's  business;  and (c) any  threatened or pending
legal,  judicial  or  regulatory  proceedings,  including  any  dispute  between
Borrower and any governmental authority, affecting Borrower or the Project.
<PAGE>
                                   ARTICLE VI
                               Negative Covenants
                               ------------------

    6.1 No Amendments.  Borrower shall not amend, modify or terminate, or permit
the amendment, modification or termination of:

        (a) the Partnership Agreement,  except for changes which are immaterial;
        or

        (b) the Tenant Guaranty or the Earnout Agreement.

    6.2  Leases.  Borrower  shall not (a) collect any rents for more than thirty
(30) days in advance of the time when the same shall  become  due,  (b)  further
assign or encumber the Tenant Lease or Tenant Guaranty; (c) except with Lender's
prior written  consent,  cancel or accept surrender or termination of the Tenant
Lease or the Tenant  Guaranty  and any action in  violation  of this Section 6.2
shall be void at the election of Lender. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower
may make minor  modifications  and  amendments  to the Tenant Lease  without the
consent of Lender  provided that the  modifications  and  amendments are entered
into in the ordinary course of business,  are consistent  with prudent  property
management practices, do not affect the economic terms of the Tenant Lease (e.g.
Minimum Rent,  Percentage Rent, Additional Charges, the Term), do not affect the
terms of the Tenant Lease that require  Tenant to comply with  applicable  laws,
regulations  and  procedures and have been consented to in writing by the Tenant
Guarantor.  Borrower shall send Lender a draft of any proposed  modification  or
amendment to the Tenant Lease at least five (5) Business  Days prior to the date
upon which it is to be executed  and,  following  its  execution  shall  provide
Lender with a copy of the executed original.

    6.3 No Additional  Indebtedness.  Borrower shall not, without Lender's prior
written consent, incur additional indebtedness, except for trade payables in the
ordinary course of business.

    6.4 No Commingling Funds.  Borrower shall not commingle the funds related to
the Project with funds from any other property.

    6.5 Lienable Work. No excavation, construction, earth work, site work or any
other mechanic's lienable work shall be done by Borrower or its agents to or for
the benefit of the Project, without Lender's approval,  except for normal repair
and maintenance in the ordinary course of business. Borrower will not consent to
any  request by Tenant to perform any work at the  Project  which  could  create
liens on the Project,  without Lender's consent,  which will not be unreasonably
withheld.

    6.6 Conversion. Borrower shall not, and shall not permit, the Project or any
portion thereof to be converted or take any preliminary actions which could lead
to a conversion to condominium or cooperative form of ownership.

    6.7 Use of Property.  Unless required by applicable law,  Borrower shall not
permit  changes in the use of any part of the Property  from the use existing at
the time the Mortgage was executed.  Borrower shall not initiate or acquiesce in
a change in the plat of  subdivision,  or zoning  classification  of the Project
without Lender's prior written consent.
<PAGE>
                                  ARTICLE VII
            Events of Default; Acceleration of Indebtedness; Remedies
            ---------------------------------------------------------

    7.1 Events of Default.  The  occurrence  of any one or more of the following
events shall constitute an "Event of Default" under this Agreement:

        (a) Failure of  Borrower  to pay,  within five (5) days of the due date,
    any of the  payment  obligations  of  Borrower  to Lender  ("Indebtedness"),
    including any payment due under the Note or this Agreement; or

        (b)  Failure of  Borrower to  strictly  comply  with the  provisions  of
    Section 4.17 (single asset entity) or 5.1 (inspection) of this Agreement; or

        (c) Breach of any covenant, representation or warranty other than as set
    forth in  subsections  (a) and (b) above which is not cured  within ten (10)
    days after notice; provided, however, if such breach cannot by its nature be
    cured  within ten (10) days,  and  Borrower  diligently  pursues  the curing
    thereof (and then in all events cures such failure  within  forty-five  (45)
    days after the original  notice  thereof),  Borrower shall not be in default
    hereunder; or

        (d)  Commencement  of an involuntary  case or other  proceeding  against
    Borrower,  any Principal or any other Person having an ownership or security
    interest  in  the  Project   (each,   a  "Bankruptcy   Party")  which  seeks
    liquidation,  reorganization or other relief with respect to it or its debts
    or other liabilities  under any bankruptcy,  insolvency or other similar law
    now or hereafter in effect or seeks the appointment of a trustee,  receiver,
    liquidator,  custodian  or  other  similar  official  of it or  any  of  its
    property,  and  such  involuntary  case or  other  proceeding  shall  remain
    undismissed  or  unstayed  for a period of 60 days;  or an order for  relief
    against a  Bankruptcy  Party  shall be  entered  in any such case  under the
    Federal Bankruptcy Code.

        (e)  Commencement  by a  Bankruptcy  Party of a voluntary  case or other
    proceeding seeking liquidation,  reorganization or other relief with respect
    to itself or its debts or other liabilities under any bankruptcy, insolvency
    or other  similar law or seeking  the  appointment  of a trustee,  receiver,
    liquidator,  custodian  or  other  similar  official  for  it or  any of its
    property,  or consent  by a  Bankruptcy  Party to any such  relief or to the
    appointment  of or taking  possession by any such official in an involuntary
    case or other proceeding commenced against it, or the making by a Bankruptcy
    Party of a general  assignment for the benefit of creditors,  or the failure
    by a Bankruptcy  Party, or the admission by a Bankruptcy Party in writing of
    its inability,  to pay its debts generally as they become due, or any action
    by a Bankruptcy Party to authorize or effect any of the foregoing
<PAGE>
        (f) The  occurrence  of a default and the  expiration of any cure period
    applicable thereto under the or any Loan Document; or

        (g) Borrower  shall  default in the payment of any  indebtedness  (other
    than the  Indebtedness) and such default is declared and is not cured within
    the time, if any, specified therefor in any agreement governing the same; or

        (h) Any statement,  report or certificate made or delivered to Lender by
    Borrower or any Principal is not materially true and complete at any time;

        (i)  There  shall  occur a  material  adverse  change  in the  financial
    condition or business prospects of Borrower or any Principal;

        (j) The Debt Service  Coverage Ratio, as calculated by Lender at the end
    of each  month  during  the term of the  Lease,  is less than 1.5 to 1.0 for
    three (3)  consecutive  months.  "Debt Service  Coverage Ratio" shall mean a
    quotient,  expressed as a ratio, of (i) Net Operating  Income divided by the
    projected  payments of principal and interest for the next twelve (12) month
    period using the Interest Rate in effect on the date of determination.

        (k) The Minimum  Rent under the Tenant Lease for  Accounting  Year 1 (as
    defined in the Tenant Lease) is less than $1,786,537.50.

        (l) The  occurrence of a material  default under the Tenant Lease (other
    than a default under Section  12.1(e) or (f) thereof) and the  expiration of
    any  applicable  cure  period,  provided if such default is capable of being
    cured and  during  the  process of  achieving  such cure no other  Events of
    Default exist, then if Borrower  diligently  pursues the curing thereof (and
    then in all  events  cure such  failure  within  ninety  (90) days after the
    occurrence of the default under the Tenant Lease),  Borrower shall not be in
    default hereunder.

        (m) Any default  under any document or  instrument,  other than the Loan
    Documents, evidencing or creating a lien on the Project or any part thereof.

        (n) If Borrower or any  Principal is listed on the Lists or is convicted
    or pleads nolo contendere to charges  related to activity  prohibited in the
    Orders,  or if Borrower or any  Principal is arrested on charges  related to
    activity  prohibited in the Orders and such charge is not  dismissed  within
    thirty (30) days thereafter.

    7.2 Acceleration;  Remedies - Insolvency Events.  Upon the occurrence of any
Event of Default  described  in Section  7.1(d) or 7.1(e),  the  obligations  of
Lender to advance amounts hereunder shall immediately terminate, and all amounts
due under the Loan  Documents  immediately  shall  become due and  payable,  all
without  written  notice and without  presentment,  demand,  protest,  notice of
protest or dishonor, notice of intent to accelerate the maturity thereof, notice
of acceleration of the maturity  thereof,  or any other notice of default of any
kind,  all of which are hereby  expressly  waived by Borrower;  however,  if the
Bankruptcy Party under Section 7.1(d) or 7.1(e) is other than Borrower, then all
amounts due under the Loan Documents shall become immediately due and payable at
Lender's election, in Lender's sole discretion.
<PAGE>
    7.3  Acceleration;  Remedies - Other Events.  Except as set forth in Section
7.2 above,  while any Event of Default exists,  Lender may (a) by written notice
to Borrower,  declare the entire Loan to be immediately  due and payable without
presentment, demand, protest, notice of protest or dishonor, notice of intent to
accelerate the maturity thereof, notice of acceleration of the maturity thereof,
or other notice of default of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived
by Borrower, (b) terminate the obligation,  if any, of Lender to advance amounts
hereunder,  and (c)  exercise all rights and  remedies  therefor  under the Loan
Documents and at law or in equity.

    7.4  Lender's  Right to Perform the  Obligations.  If  Borrower  shall fail,
refuse or neglect to make any  payment or perform  any act  required by the Loan
Documents,  then while any Event of Default  exists,  and  without  notice to or
demand upon Borrower and without waiving or releasing any other right, remedy or
recourse Lender may have because of such Event of Default, Lender may (but shall
not be  obligated  to) make such  payment or perform such act for the account of
and at the  expense  of  Borrower,  and shall  have the right to enter  upon the
Project for such purpose and to take all such action thereon and with respect to
the Project as it may deem  necessary or  appropriate.  If Lender shall elect to
pay any sum due with  reference to the Project,  Lender may do so in reliance on
any bill,  statement or assessment  procured from the  appropriate  governmental
authority  or other  issuer  thereof  without  inquiring  into the  accuracy  or
validity  thereof.  Similarly,  in making any  payments to protect the  security
intended  to be  created  by the Loan  Documents,  Lender  shall not be bound to
inquire into the validity of any apparent or  threatened  adverse  title,  lien,
encumbrance,  claim or  charge  before  making an  advance  for the  purpose  of
preventing or removing the same. Borrower shall indemnify Lender for all losses,
expenses,  damages, claims and causes of action, including reasonable attorneys'
fees, incurred or accruing by reason of any acts performed by Lender pursuant to
the  provisions  of this Section 7.4,  including  those  arising from the joint,
concurrent,  or comparative negligence of Lender, except as a result of Lender's
gross negligence or willful misconduct. All sums paid by Lender pursuant to this
Section 7.4, and all other sums expended by Lender to which it shall be entitled
to be indemnified,  shall constitute  additions to the Loan, shall be secured by
the Loan Documents and shall be paid by Borrower to Lender upon demand.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                  Miscellaneous
                                  -------------

    8.1  Expenditures  and Expenses.  Borrower shall promptly pay all reasonable
Costs (defined below) incurred by Lender and all such Costs shall be included as
additional  Indebtedness  bearing  interest at the Default Rate set forth in the
Note until paid.  For the purposes  hereof  "Costs" means all  expenditures  and
expenses  which may be paid or incurred by or on behalf of Lender in  connection
with the documentation,  modification,  workout,  administration,  collection or
enforcement of the Loan or any of the Loan Documents (as  applicable)  including
repair  costs,  payments to remove or protect  against  liens,  attorneys'  fees
(including fees of Lender's inside counsel),  receivers' fees,  engineers' fees,
accountants' fees (including fees of Lender's inside  accountants),  independent
consultants' fees (including environmental consultants),  all costs and expenses
incurred in connection with any of the foregoing,  Lender's  out-of-pocket costs
and expenses related to any audit or inspection of the Property  (including fees
of Lender's  inside  auditors),  outlays for  documentary  and expert  evidence,
stenographers' charges, stamp taxes,  publication costs, and costs (which may be
estimates as to items to be expended  after entry of an order or  judgment)  for
procuring all such abstracts of title, title and UCC searches,  and examination,
title insurance policies,  and similar data and assurances with respect to title
as Lender may deem  reasonably  necessary  either to prosecute  any action or to
evidence to bidders at any foreclosure sale of the Project the true condition of
the title to, or the value of, the Project.
<PAGE>
    8.2  Disclosure  of  Information.  Lender shall have the right (but shall be
under no  obligation) to make available to any party for the purpose of granting
participations  in or selling,  transferring,  assigning or conveying all or any
part of the  Loan  (including  any  governmental  agency  or  authority  and any
prospective  bidder  at  any  foreclosure  sale  of the  Project)  any  and  all
information  which  Lender may have with  respect to the Project  and  Borrower,
whether provided by Borrower, the Principals or any third party or obtained as a
result of any environmental assessments.  Borrower and the Principals agree that
Lender shall have no liability  whatsoever  as a result of  delivering  any such
information to any such third party, and Borrower and the Principals,  on behalf
of themselves  and their  successors  and assigns,  hereby release and discharge
Lender from any and all liability, claims, damages, or causes of action, arising
out of,  connected with or incidental to the delivery of any such information to
any such third party.

    8.3 Sale of Loan. Lender, at any time and without the consent of Borrower or
the Principals, may grant participations in or sell, transfer, assign and convey
all or any portion of its right,  title and  interest  in and to the Loan,  this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents,  any guaranties given in connection with
the Loan and any collateral given to secure the Loan.

    8.4  Forbearance  by  Lender  Not a  Waiver.  Any  forbearance  by Lender in
exercising  any right or remedy  under any of the Loan  Documents,  or otherwise
afforded by applicable law, shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of
any right or remedy. Lender's acceptance of payment of any sum secured by any of
the Loan  Documents  after the due date of such payment shall not be a waiver of
Lender's  right to either  require  prompt payment when due of all other sums so
secured  or to  declare  a default  for  failure  to make  prompt  payment.  The
procurement  of  insurance  or the payment of taxes or other liens or charges by
Lender shall not be a waiver of Lender's right to accelerate the maturity of the
Loan,  nor shall  Lender's  receipt of any awards,  proceeds,  or damages  under
Section 4 of the Mortgage operate to cure or waive Borrower's or the Principal's
default in payment of sums secured by any of the Loan Documents. With respect to
all Loan  Documents,  only  waivers made in writing by Lender shall be effective
against Lender.

    8.5  APPLICABLE  LAW;  SEVERABILITY.  THIS  AGREEMENT AND THE LOAN DOCUMENTS
SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE  WITH THE
INTERNAL  LAWS OF THE STATE OF  ILLINOIS,  WITHOUT  REGARD TO  CONFLICTS  OF LAW
PRINCIPLES.  The invalidity,  illegality or unenforceability of any provision of
this   Agreement   shall  not  affect  or  impair  the  validity,   legality  or
enforceability  of the  remainder  of  this  Agreement,  and to  this  end,  the
provisions of this Agreement are declared to be severable.
<PAGE>
    8.6 Relationship. The relationship between Lender and Borrower shall be that
of  creditor-debtor  only.  No term  in  this  Agreement  or in the  other  Loan
Documents and no course of dealing between the parties shall be deemed to create
any  relationship of agency,  partnership or joint venture or any fiduciary duty
by Lender to any other party.

    8.7 Indemnity.  Borrower shall indemnify,  protect, hold harmless and defend
Lender, its successors,  assigns, shareholders,  directors, officers, employees,
and agents from and against any and all loss,  damage,  cost, expense (including
attorneys'  fees),  and  claims  arising  out of or in  connection  with (a) the
Project, (b) the Collateral, (c) any act or omission of Borrower, any Principal,
or their respective employees or agents,  whether actual or alleged, and (d) any
and all  brokers'  commissions  or other  costs of similar  type by any party in
connection  with the Loan,  in each case except to the extent  arising  from the
indemnitee's gross negligence or willful misconduct.  Upon written request by an
indemnitee,  Borrower will undertake, at its own costs and expense, on behalf of
such indemnitee,  using counsel  satisfactory to the indemnitee,  the defense of
any legal action or proceeding  whether or not such indemnitee  shall be a party
and for which such  indemnitee  is entitled to be  indemnified  pursuant to this
section.  At Lender's option,  Lender may, at Borrower's  expense,  prosecute or
defend any action involving the priority,  validity or  enforceability of any of
the Loan Documents.

    8.8 Notice.  Any notice or other  communication  required or permitted to be
given shall be in writing  addressed to the respective  party as set forth below
and may be personally  served,  telecopied or sent by overnight  courier or U.S.
Mail and shall be deemed  given:  (a) if served in person,  when served;  (b) if
telecopied,  on the date of transmission if before 3:00 p.m. (Chicago time) on a
business day;  provided that a hard copy of such notice is also sent pursuant to
(c) or (d) below; (c) if by overnight  courier,  on the first business day after
delivery to the courier;  or (d) if by U.S. Mail,  certified or registered mail,
return  receipt  requested  on the  fourth  (4th) day after  deposit in the mail
postage prepaid.

Notices to Borrower:        CNL Retirement-AM Colorado, LP
                            450 South Orange Avenue
                            Orlando, Florida 32801
                            Attn:  Christyne Calhoun
                            Telecopy:  (407) 835-3232

With a copy to:             Lowndes Drosdrick Doster Kantor & Reid P.A.
                            215 North Eola Drive
                            Orlando, Florida 32801
                            Attn:  Casey Cavanaugh
                            Telecopy:  (407) 843-4444

Notices to Lender:          General Electric Capital Corporation
                            Loan No. 70004021
                            2 Wisconsin Circle, Suite 400
                            Chevy Chase, Maryland  20815
                            Attn:  Manager, Portfolio Management Group
                            Telecopy: (301) 664-9843

With a copy to:             General Electric Capital Corporation
                            Loan No. 70004021
                            100 Congress Avenue, Suite 700
                            Austin, Texas  78701
                            Attn:  Diana Pennington, Vice President and
                            Chief Counsel, Senior
                            Living Group
                            Telecopy: (512) 478-7832

And a copy to:              General Electric Capital Corporation
                            Loan No. 70004021
                            500 West Monroe Street
                            Chicago, Illinois  60661
                            Attn:  Kevin McMeen, Senior Vice President
                            Telecopy: (312) 441-7119

    8.9 Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several  Liability;  Agents; and
Captions.  The covenants and agreements  contained in the Loan  Documents  shall
bind, and the rights  thereunder  shall inure to, the respective  successors and
assigns of Lender,  Borrower and the  Principals,  subject to the  provisions of
this  Agreement.  All  covenants and  agreements of Borrower and the  Principals
shall be joint and several. In exercising any rights under the Loan Documents or
taking any actions  provided for therein,  Lender may act through its employees,
agents or  independent  contractors  as authorized  by Lender.  The captions and
headings of the paragraphs  and sections of this  Agreement are for  convenience
only and are not to be used to interpret or define the provisions hereof.

    8.10 Terms and Usage. As used in the Loan Documents "business day" means any
day, other than a Saturday or a Sunday, when banks in Chicago,  Illinois are not
required or authorized to be closed.

    8.11 Time of Essence. Time is of the essence of this Agreement and the other
Loan  Documents and the  performance  of each of the  covenants  and  agreements
contained herein and therein.

    8.12 CONSENT TO  JURISDICTION.  BORROWER HEREBY CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION
OF ANY STATE OR  FEDERAL  COURT  LOCATED  WITHIN  THE  COUNTY OF COOK,  STATE OF
ILLINOIS AND IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT, SUBJECT TO LENDER'S ELECTION,  ALL ACTIONS
OR  PROCEEDINGS  ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS  AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENTS  SHALL BE  LITIGATED IN SUCH COURTS.  BORROWER  EXPRESSLY  SUBMITS AND
CONSENTS TO THE  JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID  COURTS AND WAIVES ANY DEFENSE OF
FORUM NON CONVENIENS.  BORROWER  HEREBY WAIVES  PERSONAL  SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL
PROCESS AND AGREES THAT ALL SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS MAY BE MADE UPON BORROWER BY
CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT  REQUESTED,  ADDRESSED TO BORROWER,
AT THE ADDRESS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE COMPLETE
TEN (10) DAYS AFTER THE SAME HAS BEEN POSTED.
<PAGE>
    8.13 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. BORROWER AND LENDER HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE
RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT
OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS.  BORROWER AND LENDER ACKNOWLEDGE
THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP,
THAT EACH OF THEM HAS RELIED ON THIS WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS  AGREEMENT AND
THE OTHER LOAN  DOCUMENTS  AND THAT EACH OF THEM WILL  CONTINUE  TO RELY ON THIS
WAIVER IN THEIR  RELATED  FUTURE  DEALINGS.  BORROWER  AND  LENDER  WARRANT  AND
REPRESENT  THAT EACH HAS HAD THE  OPPORTUNITY OF REVIEWING THIS JURY WAIVER WITH
LEGAL  COUNSEL,  AND THAT EACH KNOWINGLY AND  VOLUNTARILY  WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL
RIGHTS.

    8.14 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts,
each of which shall  constitute an original,  and together shall  constitute the
Agreement.

    8.15 Entire  Agreement.  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents  embody
the  entire   agreement  among  the  parties  hereto  and  supercede  all  prior
commitments, agreements,  representations and understandings, whether written or
oral,  relating to the subject matter  hereof,  and may not be  contradicted  or
varied by evidence of prior,  contemporaneous,  or subsequent oral agreements or
discussions of the parties hereto.

    8.16 Amendments and Waivers.  No amendment or waiver of any provision of the
Loan  Documents  shall be  effective  unless in writing  and signed by the party
against whom enforcement is sought.

    8.17  Limitation on Interest.  It is the intention of the parties  hereto to
conform strictly to applicable usury laws.  Accordingly,  all agreements between
Borrower  and Lender with  respect to the Loan are hereby  expressly  limited so
that in no event,  whether by reason of  acceleration  of maturity or otherwise,
shall the  amount  paid or agreed to be paid to Lender or  charged by Lender for
the  use,  forbearance  or  detention  of the  money  to be  lent  hereunder  or
otherwise,  exceed  the  maximum  amount  allowed  by law.  If the Loan would be
usurious  under  applicable law (including the laws of the State of Illinois and
the laws of the United States of America), then, notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in the Loan  Documents:  (a) the aggregate of all  consideration  which
constitutes  interest  under  applicable  law  that is  contracted  for,  taken,
reserved,   charged  or  received  under  the  Loan  Documents  shall  under  no
circumstances  exceed the maximum amount of interest  allowed by applicable law,
and any excess  shall be credited on the Note by the holder  thereof (or, if the
Note has been  paid in full,  refunded  to  Borrower);  and (b) if  maturity  is
accelerated  by  reason  of an  election  by  Lender,  or in  the  event  of any
prepayment,  then any consideration which constitutes interest may never include
more than the maximum  amount  allowed by applicable  law. In such case,  excess
interest, if any, provided for in the Loan Documents or otherwise, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, shall be amortized,  prorated, allocated and spread
from the date of  advance  until  payment  in full so that  the  actual  rate of
interest is uniform through the term hereof.  If such  amortization,  proration,
allocation and spreading is not permitted under applicable law, then such excess
interest shall be cancelled automatically as of the date of such acceleration or
prepayment and, if theretofore  paid,  shall be credited on the Note (or, if the
Note has been paid in full,  refunded to Borrower).  The terms and provisions of
this Section 8.17 shall control and supersede  every other provision of the Loan
Documents. The Loan Documents are contracts made under and shall be construed in
accordance  with and governed by the laws of the State of Illinois,  except that
if at any time  the laws of the  United  States  of  America  permit  Lender  to
contract for, take, reserve, charge or receive a higher rate of interest than is
allowed by the laws of the State of Illinois (whether such federal laws directly
so provide or refer to the law of any state),  then such  federal  laws shall to
such extent  govern as to the rate of interest  which Lender may  contract  for,
take, reserve, charge or receive under the Loan Documents.
<PAGE>
    8.18 Approvals;  Third Parties;  Conditions. All approval rights retained or
exercised by Lender with respect to Leases, contracts,  plans, studies and other
matters are solely to facilitate Lender's credit underwriting,  and shall not be
deemed or  construed as a  determination  that Lender has passed on the adequacy
thereof  for any other  purpose  and may not be relied  upon by  Borrower or any
other  Person.  This  Agreement is for the sole and  exclusive use of Lender and
Borrower  and may not be  enforced,  nor relied  upon,  by any Person other than
Lender and Borrower.  All  conditions of the  obligations  of Lender  hereunder,
including the  obligation to make advances,  are imposed solely and  exclusively
for the benefit of Lender, its successors and assigns, and no other Person shall
have  standing  to require  satisfaction  of such  conditions  or be entitled to
assume  that  Lender  will  refuse to make  advances  in the  absence  of strict
compliance with any or all of such conditions,  and no other Person shall, under
any circumstances, be deemed to be a beneficiary of such conditions, any and all
of which  may be  freely  waived  in whole or in part by  Lender  at any time in
Lender's sole discretion.

    8.19 Lender Not in Control;  No Partnership.  None of the covenants or other
provisions contained in this Agreement shall, or shall be deemed to, give Lender
the  right or power to  exercise  control  over the  affairs  or  management  of
Borrower,  the power of Lender  being  limited  to the  rights to  exercise  the
remedies  referred to in the Loan Documents.  The relationship  between Borrower
and  Lender  is,  and at all times  shall  remain,  solely  that of  debtor  and
creditor. No covenant or provision of the Loan Documents is intended,  nor shall
it be deemed or construed,  to create a partnership,  joint  venture,  agency or
common interest in profits or income between Lender and Borrower or to create an
equity in the  Project in Lender.  Lender  neither  undertakes  nor  assumes any
responsibility  or duty to Borrower or to any other  person with  respect to the
Project or the Loan,  except as expressly  provided in the Loan  Documents;  and
notwithstanding  any other provision of the Loan  Documents:  (a) Lender is not,
and shall not be construed as, a partner,  joint venturer,  alter ego,  manager,
controlling  person or other  business  associate or  participant of any kind of
Borrower or its stockholders, members, or partners and Lender does not intend to
ever assume such  status;  (b) Lender shall in no event be liable for any debts,
expenses or losses  incurred or sustained by Borrower;  and (c) Lender shall not
be deemed  responsible for or a participant in any acts,  omissions or decisions
of Borrower or its  stockholders,  members,  or  partners.  Lender and  Borrower
disclaim  any  intention to create any  partnership,  joint  venture,  agency or
common  interest in profits or income between Lender and Borrower,  or to create
an equity in the Project in Lender, or any sharing of liabilities, losses, costs
or expenses.

    8.20  Renewal,  Extension  or  Rearrangement.  All  provisions  of the  Loan
Documents  shall apply with equal  effect to each and all  promissory  notes and
amendments  thereof  hereinafter  executed which in whole or in part represent a
renewal,  extension,  increase  or  rearrangement  of the  Loan.  For  portfolio
management  purposes,  Lender  may  elect to  divide  the Loan  into two or more
separate loans evidenced by separate promissory notes so long as the payment and
other  obligations  of  Borrower  are not  effectively  increased  or  otherwise
modified. Borrower agrees to cooperate with Lender and to execute such documents
as Lender reasonably may request to effect such division of the Loan.
<PAGE>
    8.21  Cumulative  Rights.  Rights  and  remedies  of  Lender  under the Loan
Documents shall be cumulative,  and the exercise or partial exercise of any such
right or remedy shall not preclude the exercise of any other right or remedy.

    8.22  Singular and Plural.  Words used in this  Agreement and the other Loan
Documents  in the  singular,  where the context so  permits,  shall be deemed to
include the plural and vice versa.  The  definitions of words in the singular in
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents  shall apply to such words when used
in the plural where the context so permits and vice versa.

    8.23 Phrases. When used in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,  the
phrase  "including"  shall  mean  "including,  but not  limited  to," the phrase
"satisfactory  to Lender"  shall  mean "in form and  substance  satisfactory  to
Lender in all respects,"  the phrase "with  Lender's  consent" or "with Lender's
approval"  shall mean such consent or approval at Lender's  discretion,  and the
phrase  "acceptable to Lender" shall mean "acceptable to Lender at Lender's sole
discretion."

    8.24  Exhibits,  Schedules and Riders.  The  exhibits,  schedules and riders
attached to this  Agreement  are  incorporated  herein and shall be considered a
part of this Agreement for the purposes stated herein.

    8.25 Titles of Articles, Sections and Subsections. All titles or headings to
articles,  sections,  subsections  or other  divisions of this Agreement and the
other  Loan  Documents  or the  exhibits  hereto  and  thereto  are only for the
convenience  of the  parties  and shall not be  construed  to have any effect or
meaning  with  respect  to  the  other  content  of  such  articles,   sections,
subsections or other divisions,  such other content being  controlling as to the
agreement between the parties hereto.

    8.26  Promotional  Material.  Borrower  authorizes  Lender  to  issue  press
releases,  advertisements  and other  promotional  materials in connection  with
Lender's own  promotional and marketing  activities,  and describing the Loan in
general  terms  or in  detail  and  Lender's  participation  in  the  Loan.  All
references  to  Lender   contained  in  any  press  release,   advertisement  or
promotional  material  issued by Borrower shall be approved in writing by Lender
in advance of issuance.

    8.27  Survival.  All  of the  representations,  warranties,  covenants,  and
indemnities  hereunder,  and under the  indemnification  provisions of the other
Loan  Documents  shall survive the repayment in full of the Loan and the release
of the liens evidencing or securing the Loan, and shall survive the transfer (by
sale, foreclosure, conveyance in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) of any or all
right, title and interest in and to the Project to any party,  whether or not an
Affiliate of Borrower.

    8.28  Waiver of  Punitive  or  Consequential  Damages.  Neither  Lender  nor
Borrower  shall be responsible or liable to the other or to any other Person for
any  punitive,  exemplary  or  consequential  damages  which may be alleged as a
result of the Loan or the transaction  contemplated hereby, including any breach
or other default by any party hereto.

    8.29  Limitation  on Liability  of Lender's  Officers,  Employees,  etc. Any
obligation  or liability  whatsoever of Lender which may arise at any time under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be satisfied,  if at all, out of
the Lender's  assets only. No such  obligation or liability  shall be personally
binding  upon,  nor shall  resort  for the  enforcement  thereof  be had to, the
property of any of Lender's  shareholders,  directors,  officers,  employees  or
agents,  regardless of whether such  obligation or liability is in the nature of
contract, tort or otherwise.
<PAGE>
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have executed this Agreement or
has caused the same to be executed by their duly authorized  representatives  as
of the date first above written.

                   BORROWER:

                   CNL RETIREMENT-AM/COLORADO LP, a Delaware limited partnership

                   By:    CNL Retirement GP/Colorado Corp., a Delaware
                   corporation, general partner



                   By: /s/ Bradley B. Rush
                   ---------------------------------------
                   Name:      Bradley B. Rush
                   Its        Senior Vice President


                   LENDER:

                   GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION,
                   a Delaware corporation


                   By           /s/ Timothy Sanders
                   ----------------------------------------------------
                   Name         Timothy Sanders
                   ----------------------------------------------------
                  Its          Vice President
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT A

                                Legal Description
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT B

                                   Litigation


                                [To Be Attached]
<PAGE>
                                   SCHEDULE I

                       CALCULATION OF NET OPERATING INCOME


"Net Operating  Income" means Revenue less Expenses,  as determined by Lender in
its sole discretion.

"Revenue"  means (a) an  annualized  amount  based on all amounts  collected  by
Tenant from tenants  under  Subleases for the most current three (3) months (or,
solely for the purposes of Section  1.1.2(g)  hereof,  the most current four (4)
months),  excluding  nonrecurring  income and  non-property  related  income (as
determined  by Lender in its sole  discretion)  and income  from  tenants  under
Subleases  (i) who are thirty (30) or more days  delinquent,  (ii) who have been
delinquent  four (4) or more times during the past twelve (12) months,  or (iii)
who have vacated their unit,  plus (b) other revenue,  not to exceed ten percent
(10%) of the amounts described in clause (a), for laundry,  vending, parking and
other  ancillary  services based upon  collections  for the previous twelve (12)
months,  but  excluding  any  income  from  interest  earned or late  fees..  In
determining  Revenue,  the occupancy  factor utilized shall be the lesser of (a)
actual occupancy, or (b) an assumed ninety-five percent (95%) occupancy rate.

"Expenses" means actual and customary operating expenses incurred by Tenant on a
stabilized  accrual basis for the previous twelve (12) month period (as adjusted
by Lender), including: (i) recurring operating expenses, (ii) real estate taxes,
(iii)  management  fees  (whether  paid or not) in an amount  not less than five
percent (5%) of gross income of Tenant, and (iv) a replacement  reserve (whether
reserved or not) of not less than Two Hundred Fifty and No/100 Dollars ($250.00)
per unit. Expenses shall not include any deposits made by Tenant into the Tenant
Shortfall  Reserve or the Reserve or any operating  expenses that are funded out
of the Reserve unless such expenses exceed 250.00 per unit.
<PAGE>
                              SENIOR HOUSING RIDER

                                [To be attached]
<PAGE>
                                   SCHEDULE II

                             INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS


Defined Term                                      Page

Affiliate                                          17
Agreement of Principals                            5
Approved Bank Account                              17
Assignment of Leases                               1
Bankruptcy Party                                   21
Base Rate                                          3
Borrower                                           1
Business Day                                       26
Cash Account Agreements                            5
Closing Date                                       2
Collateral                                         5
Control                                            17
Costs                                              23
Debt Service Coverage Ratio                        22
Deposit Accounts                                   17
Earnout Agreement                                  17
Environmental Indemnity                            5
Event of Default                                   21
FIRREA                                             5
General Partner                                    1
Improvements                                       1
Incorporation Documents                            9
Indebtedness                                       21
Initial Funding Amount                             2
Interest Rate                                      3
Leases                                             6
Lender                                             1
Loan                                               1
Loan Documents                                     1
Loan Year                                          4
Maturity Date                                      3
Mortgage                                           1
Note                                               1
Partnership Agreement                              9
Person                                             17
Principals                                         5
Project                                            1
Property                                           1
Subleases                                          6
Tenant                                             2
Tenant Guarantor                                   2
Tenant Guaranty                                    7
Tenant Lease                                       6
Title Policy                                       6






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
