<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.22
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit1022.txt
<DESCRIPTION>GENERAL AGENCY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.22

                            GENERAL AGENCY AGREEMENT
                            ========================

                      FEDERATED NATIONAL INSURANCE COMPANY
          HOME OFFICE, 4161 N.W. 5TH STREET, PLANTATION, FLORIDA 33317

Federated National Insurance Company, a Florida Corporation, is a party to this
Agreement and shall be referred to as the "Company".

Assurance Managing General Agents, Inc., a Florida Corporation, whose address is
4161 N.W. 5th Street, Plantation, Florida 33317, is a party to this Agreement
and shall be referred to as the "General Agent".

THIS AGREEMENT is entered into this __1__ day of August , 1998 by and between
the entity or person(s) designated and executing this General Agency Agreement
(hereinafter referred to as the "General Agent") and the company designated,
organized under the laws of Florida (hereinafter referred to as the "Company").

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED:

I. APPOINTMENT AND AUTHORITY:

A.       The General Agent is authorized to manage the portions of the Company
         business as set forth herein. General Agent is authorized to solicit
         applications for and to issue policies of insurance on such class or
         classes of business and in such territory or territories as are
         indicated by the various authorized and executed product line addendum
         agreements attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference.
         This Agreement shall be between the General Agent and the Company
         authorizing the writing of the aforesaid class or classes of business.
         It shall also be effective as to any addendum subsequently attached
         hereto amending the provision of an existing authorized product line or
         adding a new product line.

B.       In carrying on the business contemplated by this Agreement, the General
         Agent shall comply with such rules, regulations or instructions as the
         Company may prescribe and the General Agent hereby agrees and is hereby
         authorized:

         1. To collect, receive and account for premiums on insurance policies
         pursuant to this Agreement.

         2. To deliver and countersign policies of insurance which have been
         executed by authorized officers of the Company.

         3. To make endorsements, changes, assignments, transfers and
         modifications to policies as authorized by the Company.

         4. To effect cancellation of policies as provided in Section IX of this
         Agreement.

         5. To enter into agreements with sub-agents, however, the General Agent
         shall have no authority to appoint sub-agents or to accept business
         from an Insurance Broker except upon specific written authority from
         the Company. If granted, the General Agent shall report the name,
         address and required licensing information of any authorized sub-agent

                                       1
<PAGE>
         to the Company for appointment with the State Insurance Departments, as
         required by law.

II. LIMITATIONS OF AUTHORITY:

A.       With respect to certain classes of business which the General Agent may
         be authorized to solicit under this Agreement, the General Agent will
         not solicit or accept proposals or bind the Company for insurance
         coverage on the following:

         1. Risks which are unacceptable in accordance with the Company's
         underwriting standards which the Company, from time to time, may
         communicate to the General Agent. Such communications may be in such
         form or in such manner as the Company may deem appropriate under the
         circumstances.

         2. Policy limits which are in excess of those specified in any product
         line addendum attached hereto.

         3. Risks which are not in compliance with the applicable forms, rules,
         rates or filings of the Company according to their exact terms and to
         the laws and regulations in effect in the General Agent's territory.

B.       In the event the General Agent binds the Company to the aforesaid risks
         or excess policy limits without prior written approval from the
         Company, whether intentional or not, the General Agent will do such
         things and take such actions as necessary to remove or to reduce the
         Company's exposure on such risks or to such excess policy limits and to
         hold the Company harmless against any liability or loss which may be
         incurred by the Company as a result of such binder.

III.  COMPLIANCE WITH STATE INSURANCE CODES:

The General Agent agrees to operate at all times in compliance with every
applicable State Insurance Code set forth in the territories where and
pertaining to the various product lines that the General Agent is authorized to
write for the Company under this Agreement.

The General Agent further agrees that in the event the Company is in violation
of any State code or statute, due to the acts of the General Agent, the General
Agent shall assume the responsibility of such act and shall hold the Company
harmless in the event of such violation. If the Company, because of a violation
of an Insurance Code or regulation by the General Agent, is reprimanded, fined
or otherwise involved in any action caused by the General Agent, the General
Agent agrees to reimburse the Company for all expenses, fines or other fees
incurred by the Company as a result of such action.

IV. COMMISSIONS:

Subject to compliance by the General Agent with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, the Company will pay and the General Agent will accept as full
compensation on business placed with and accepted by the Company, commissions to
the extent provided in the product line addendum in effect on the date
commissions are allowed or paid.

ADVANCE COMMISSIONS - As advance commissions, the General Agent may retain from
the total premiums written, net of cancellations for each authorized class of


                                       2
<PAGE>
business, the percentage of net written premium which may be indicated for such
class of business in the Advance Commission column of the product line addendum.
With respect to cancellations or endorsements resulting in return premiums,
advance commissions shall be refunded at the same rate at which the commissions
allowed initially had been computed. If the General Agent has succeeded to and
is carrying on the business previously written by another General Agent with the
Company (a "predecessor General Agent"), the advance commission, if any, shall
be refunded at the same rate and in the manner allowed to such predecessor or
General Agent, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Company and the
General Agent.

V. EXPENSES:

All agency expense, including but not limited to rentals, transportation,
salaries, attorney or legal fees, postage, advertising, currency exchange fees,
countersignature fees or commissions, agent's occupational taxes, whether billed
to the General Agent or Company, shall be the liability of the General Agent.
The General Agent will remit promptly to the Company the amount of any such item
billed to the General Agent upon notice by the Company to the General Agent of
the charge therefor.

VI. REPORTS AND RECORDS:

A.       The General Agent will forward to the Company no later than ten (10)
         days after the effective date, or when otherwise directed by the
         Company, exact copies of all policies or other appropriate evidences of
         insurance written, modified or canceled pursuant to this Agreement. The
         General Agent shall keep true and complete records of all transactions
         and correspondence with policyholders and the Company. Such records may
         be examined by representatives of the Company at any time. The Company
         shall have access and the right to copy all accounts and records
         related to its business in the possession of the General Agent, in a
         form usable by the Company. The General Agent shall provide access to
         the Florida Department of Insurance to all books, bank accounts and
         records of the General Agent in a form usable by the Department. The
         General Agent shall retain records according to law.

B.       Supplies furnished by the Company shall remain the property of the
         Company and shall be returned immediately upon request. Upon
         termination of this Agreement or the General Agent's authority
         hereunder, the General Agent, at the direction of the Company, shall
         return all such property to the Company or to its designated
         representative and shall hold the Company harmless with respect to any
         unauthorized use thereof. If, at the time of such termination, the
         General Agent is not in default in remitting premiums or other balances
         due the Company and if it promptly thereafter accounts for and pays
         over balances of premiums due but not in default, the General Agent's
         records, use and control of expirations shall be deemed the property of
         the General Agent and left in its undisputed possession; otherwise, the
         records and use and control of expirations shall be turned over to and
         vested in the Company.

VII.  PREMIUM AND ACCOUNTINGS:

A.       The General Agent shall be liable for and shall pay to the Company all
         net premiums attributable to the business produced by the General Agent
         hereunder. Net premiums shall be gross premiums on such business
         produced by the General Agent, less return premiums and applicable
         commissions. An accounting of new premiums due the Company for business


                                       3
<PAGE>
         produced by the General Agent each month shall be rendered by the
         Company to the General Agent on or about the fifth (5th) day of the
         following month. The amount so indicated to be due shall be paid to the
         Company in accordance with the payment terms specified on the product
         line addendum. However, funds due shall be remitted to the Company at
         least monthly, except the Company may require remittance every fifteen
         (15) days. Should the General Agent default in any such payment, all
         premiums on the unpaid business produced by the General Agent under
         this Agreement shall be due and payable immediately. If the default is
         not corrected within thirty (30) days, all provisions of this Agreement
         providing for payment of contingent commissions are null and void and
         shall not be reinstated except by a signed Letter of Reinstatement from
         an officer of the Company. In addition, the Company may withhold or
         offset payment of any commissions until all premium or other money due
         from the General Agent is received by the Company.

B.       For the purpose of this Agreement, and unless prior approval is
         obtained from the Company, any cancellation of a policy effected by the
         General Agent which is not received by the Company within thirty (30)
         days following the effective date of such policy, shall be deemed to
         have been a cancellation with earnings, and the General Agent shall be
         charged for the net premiums earned thereon by the Company.

C.       All premiums received by the General Agent shall be held in a fiduciary
         capacity in a bank which is a member of the Federal Reserve System as
         trustee for the Company until delivered to the Company unless otherwise
         specified in writing. The account shall be used for all payment as
         directed by the Company. The premiums received by the General Agent,
         net of advance commissions allowed, shall be kept in a separate
         fiduciary bank account, separate from any other company's accounts,
         unless the Company otherwise consents in writing. The keeping of an
         Account with the General Agent on the Company's books, as a creditor or
         debtor account, is declared a record memorandum of business transacted
         and the keeping of such account, or an alteration in compensation rate,
         or a failure to enforce prompt remittance or compromise or settlement
         or declaration of balance of account, shall not waive the Company's
         right to assert the fiduciary nature of the premiums collected by the
         General Agent.

D.       The General Agent may retain no more than sixty (60) days of estimated
         claims payments and allocated loss adjustment expenses.

VIII.  CLAIMS:

A.       The General Agent shall promptly report all claims to the Company or an
         Assigned Adjuster(s) or claim representative(s) who has been designated
         by the Company. The Company shall have the sole responsibility for
         adjustment and payment for claims arising under policies written by the
         General Agent. Payment of all claims shall be effected by drafts or
         checks drawn upon the Company at the Company's Home Office, unless
         otherwise agreed upon and authorized in writing by an officer of the
         Company.

B.       Acceptance and endorsement of the Company's check in payment of
         commissions due under the terms of this Agreement shall constitute a
         representation by the General Agent that all known claims under the
         policies issued by or on behalf of the Company have been accurately,
         promptly, and completely reported to the Company.

C.       General Agent hereby agrees to, at all times hereafter, indemnify and
         save harmless Company from all loss or claims which shall result from


                                       4
<PAGE>
         real or alleged negligent or willful acts of the General Agent, or the
         servants, agents or employees of the General Agent in the performance
         of duties under this Agreement. Included are all costs, expenses,
         attorney fees and other legal fees, penalties, direct or consequential
         damages, assessments, verdicts (including punitive damages) and any
         other expense or expenditure incurred by Company as a result of General
         Agent's performance or lack of performance under the terms of this
         Agreement.

IX. POLICY CANCELLATIONS:

The General Agent is authorized to effect cancellations of policies written by
it, or by any predecessor, in accordance with all applicable laws or regulations
for non-payment of premium or other causes as the General Agent may claim to be
in the best interest of the Company. Such cancellation authority shall be
exercised only for causes inherent in the particular risk and shall not be
construed as authority to make general or indiscriminate cancellation or
replacement of the policies with those of another company, except upon specific
written instructions from the Company. The General Agent will cancel any and all
policies produced by it or any predecessor for any reason the Company deems
necessary.

X. TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION:

A.       This Agreement, with respect to any one or more of the classes of
         insurance authorized herein to be written, may be terminated for cause
         at any time or by either party by giving notice in writing to the other
         party at least sixty (60) days prior to the effective date of
         termination or as otherwise provided by law. If the Agreement is
         terminated by the Company the notice may specify whether the General
         Agent's authority to place new business continues until such
         termination date or terminates upon receipt of notice. In addition, the
         Company may suspend the underwriting authority of the General Agent
         during the pendency of any dispute regarding the cause for termination
         should a dispute arise. Both parties agree to fulfill any obligations
         on policies, regardless of any dispute.

B.       Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the General Agent shall commit any
         breach of this Agreement or fail to comply with any instruction or
         directions by the Company, the Company may, in its sole discretion,
         suspend or terminate the authority of the General Agent as to all or
         any specific powers granted to the General Agent under this Agreement
         and the Company will be entitled to all legal rights of recovery from
         the General Agent, including but not limited to all or any part of the
         contingency commission which may be a part of this Agreement. Notice of
         such suspension or termination shall be in writing, and upon receipt of
         such notice, the General Agent shall thereupon cease to exercise such
         power or powers in accordance with such notice. Should the General
         Agent fail to comply with any such suspension or termination notice,
         the General Agent agrees to indemnify and agrees to reimburse the
         Company for any losses or expense incurred or for any damages caused by
         the Company as a consequence thereof.

C.       In the event of termination of this Agreement or the General Agent's
         authority as to all of business, the Company need not make further
         payments of contingent commissions or render subsequent accounting to
         the General Agent until such time as all liabilities for loss and loss
         adjustment expenses, arising out of policies issued under this
         Agreement shall have been terminated by expiration, cancellation,
         payment or settlement as the case may be. The Company will then render
         a final accounting to the General Agent, only upon request, if such
         request is made within twelve (12) months after all liabilities have
         been satisfied. In the event the General Agent cannot be located or no
         timely request is made by the General Agent for a final accounting, all


                                       5
<PAGE>
         funds which may be due the General Agent will revert to the Company and
         become its sole property.

D.       In the event the General Agent exercises its right to terminate this
         Agreement, and provided the General Agent desires to sell the business
         which was placed on the Company's books by the General Agent, the
         Company shall have the first right and option to purchase such business
         by paying to the General Agent a mutually agreeable amount. If the
         Company exercises such option, the General Agent hereby relinquishes
         all rights to the expirations and to the renewal of the business
         whether placed by the General Agent directly or through sub-agents. If
         the Company exercises such option, all rights of the General Agent
         under agency contracts with sub-agents covering the business transacted
         under this Agreement are hereby assigned to the Company which shall
         then have the rights that the General Agent previously had with respect
         to the sub-agents. If the Company exercises the right to terminate this
         Agreement, the purchase price and conditions of sale of the business
         shall be as above stated provided the General Agent desires to sell and
         the Company desires to buy.

XI. GENERAL PROVISIONS:

A.       This Agreement and the provisions relating to commissions shall,
         without prior notice, be automatically modified to conform with any law
         or governmental regulation having application to or jurisdiction over
         the subject matter or the parties hereto.

B.       This Agreement may not be altered or modified, except in writing,
         signed by the parties hereto. A waiver by the Company or any breach or
         default by the General Agent under this Agreement shall not constitute
         a continuing waiver or a waiver by the Company or any subsequent act in
         breach of or in default hereunder. This Agreement shall be subject to
         and construed under the laws of the State of Florida. Whenever used in
         this Agreement, "policies" shall mean and include certificates,
         endorsements, binders and other proposals or evidences of insurance.
         This contract shall not be construed as an exclusive agreement, and the
         Company reserves the right to appoint any other General Agent(s) as it
         may deem advisable.

C.       This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements of any type whatsoever
         by and between the Company and the General Agent. Should there arise
         from any unforseen cause, differences of opinion or interpretation of
         the Agreement which cannot be amicably settled between the Company and
         the General Agent, it is then understood and agreed such differences
         shall be submitted for arbitration to two Executive or Operating
         Officers, active or retired, of Property and Casualty Insurance
         Companies admitted in the state of controversy, one to be chosen by the
         Company, the other by the General Agent. The arbitrators so chosen
         shall first select from amongst Executive or Operating Officers, active
         or retired, of Property and Casualty Insurance Companies, a competent
         and disinterested umpire to whom they shall submit their differences
         and a decision of the majority of the three shall in such case be
         final. The arbitrators shall be required to decide matters submitted to
         them upon the customs and usages of the business in a spirit of equity
         rather than on technicalities or legal requirements. Each party will
         pay the expenses of its own arbitrator and the pro-rata portion of the
         expenses of the third arbitrator. Any such arbitration shall be held in
         the city of Pembroke Pines, Florida unless otherwise agreed in writing,
         signed and acknowledged by the parties hereto at the time or before the
         arbitrators are appointed.

                                       6
<PAGE>
D.       The General Agent agrees not to enter or continue in effect Agency or
         General Agency Agreements with other insurance companies with respect
         to the classes of business covered by this Agreement unless prior
         notification is given to the Company.

E.       The General Agent is permitted to negotiate for reinsurance for the
         lines of business the General Agent is so authorized by the Company.
         The General Agent agrees not to enter into any reinsurance agreement on
         behalf of the Company without the Company's approval.


F.       The General Agent shall not:

         1.       Bind reinsurance or retrocessions on behalf of the Company,
                  except that the General Agent may bind facultative reinsurance
                  if the contract with the Company contains reinsurance
                  underwriting guidelines including, for both reinsurance
                  assumed and ceded, a list of reinsurers which are authorized,
                  the coverages and amounts or percentages that may be
                  reinsured, and commission schedules and that the Company has
                  put each reinsurer on notice of the authorization by providing
                  the reinsurer and reinsurance intermediary, if any, with a
                  copy of this section of the contract and that the reinsurer
                  will send confirmation of reinsurance placement directly to
                  the Company and the General Agent.

         2.       Commit the Company to participate in insurance or reinsurance
                  syndicates.

         3.       Appoint any producer without assuring that the producer is
                  lawfully licensed to transact the type of insurance for which
                  he or she is appointed.

         4.       Without prior approval of the Company, pay or commit the
                  Company to pay a claim over a specified amount, net of
                  reinsurance, which exceeds 1 percent of the Company's
                  policyholder's surplus as of December 31 of the last completed
                  calendar year.

         5.       Collect any payment from a reinsurer or commit the Company to
                  any claims settlement with a reinsurer without prior approval
                  of the Company. If prior approval is given, a report must be
                  promptly forwarded to the Company.

         6.       Permit its subproducer to serve on its board of directors.

         7.       Appoint a submanaging general agent.

G.       The General Agent's rights under this Agreement are not assignable.

H.       The General Agent may charge a per-policy fee not to exceed $25.

I.       It is realized by the parties that the Company may, from time to time,
         be required to accept certain risks under the Automobile Assigned Risk
         Plans and/or the Basic Property Insurance Inspection Placement
         Programs, Fair Plans, or other similar type programs of the various
         States or be assessed under Insurance Guarantee Associations or similar
         plans, because of business written under this Agreement. If such
         assignments should be made, it is agreed that, for purposes of payment
         of contingent commissions, the following shall govern:

                                       7
<PAGE>
         Since it is virtually impossible to equitably allocate to the various
         General Agents specific assignments generated from business produced by
         them, it is agreed that the allocations of these assignments or
         assessments shall be made on a direct written premium basis. Each
         General Agent's annual share of the profit or loss, resulting from the
         assignments or assessments because of the Company's required
         participation in various pools, shall be the same percentage of the
         profit or loss as the General Agent's total direct written premium for
         that class of business which generated the assignment or assessments or
         caused the participation in the pool, bears to the Company's total
         direct premiums for the same class in the State for the calendar year.

         The Company will annually make this computation and notify the General
         Agent of its participation share. For the purposes of this Paragraph G,
         direct premiums written shall mean direct gross premiums written, less
         return premiums and cancellations.

         The Company shall calculate the total profit or loss from assignments
         received or participation in pools as follows:

                  From one hundred percent (100%) of premiums earned for the
                  calendar year on said business shall be deducted losses and
                  loss expenses incurred, commissions allowed General Agents on
                  business or assessments payable to various plans, and a
                  Company retention of fifteen percent (15%) on Automobile
                  Assigned Risk Plans and/or Basic Property Insurance Inspection
                  Placement Programs, Fair Plans, etc., as applied to earned
                  premiums.

         In those situations where the Association or Plan completely
         administrates the risks, i.e., collects premiums, pay losses, etc., and
         then annually notifies the Company of it share of profit or loss, no
         Company retention will be charged. Only expenses actually booked which
         are attributable to the business will be taken into consideration.

         If this General Agency Agreement is terminated, the General Agent's
         contingent commission shall be subject to the above calculation as long
         as the Company is required to take assignments because of business
         written under this Agreement.

         Final accounting of any contingent commission agreement shall not be
         calculated until all policy assignments to the Company by reason of
         participation in such assigned risk plan, pool, etc., are fully earned
         and final assessments made and claims paid.

         The General Agent authorizes the Company to combine and offset, as the
         case may be, any profit or loss described with contingent commissions
         payable under this Agreement.

J.       If a Guarantor or Surety has agreed, by separate written instrument, to
         guarantee the obligations the General Agent has assumed herein, any
         changes made by amendment of this Agreement or any Schedules or
         Addendum(s) attached hereto relating to a class or classes of business,
         territory, commissions, reports, records or accounting, shall be deemed
         to be a contemplated change and not an alteration of the original
         obligation.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said ASSURANCE MANAGING GENERAL AGENTS, INC. a Florida
corporation of Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and the said FEDERATED NATIONAL
INSURANCE COMPANY, a Florida Corporation of Pembroke Pines, Florida, have
affixed their signatures to this Agreement the day and year first above written.

                                       8
<PAGE>
                            FEDERATED NATIONAL INSURANCE COMPANY



                            By:      /s/    Ronald A. Raymond
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                     President or Vice President


                                     /s/    Lisette Lozano
                            ----------------------------------------------------
                                     Witness



                            ASSURANCE MANAGING GENERAL AGENTS, INC.



                            By:      /s/    Edward J. Lawson
                               -------------------------------------------------
                                     President or Vice President


                                     /s/    Lisette Lozano
                            ----------------------------------------------------
                                     Witness

                                       9
<PAGE>
                    PRODUCT LINE AUTHORIZATION ADDENDUM NO. 1


PRODUCT LINE:                Automobile Liability and Physical Damage

COMPANY:                     Federated National Insurance Company

COVERAGES AUTHORIZED:        MAXIMUM LIMITS OF LIABILITY

Liability                    $100/300/50
Uninsured Motorists          $100/300
Personal Injury              $10,000
Medical Payments             $500
Physical Damage              $50,000

ADVANCE COMMISSION RATE:     15% Policy Writing Fee 100%

AUTHORIZED TERRITORY:        Florida

MAXIMUM POLICY PERIOD:       12 Months

EFFECTIVE DATE:              August 1, 1998

PREMIUM REMITTANCE TIME:     45 Days

REPLACES ADDENDUM NO.:       1

The Company hereby authorizes the General Agent to transact business on behalf
of the Company under the terms and conditions set forth in the addendum and in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the General Agency Agreement to
which this addendum is attached. This authority is limited to the rules, rates
and underwriting guidelines that are filed with and approved by the insurance
departments of the state(s) in which the General Agent is authorized to do
business. The maximum annual premium volume that the General Agent is authorized
to write under this Agreement is $25,000,000 without prior written approval of
the Company.

The General Agent, by accepting this addendum, agrees to produce the authorized
class of business in accordance with the territory and limits of liability set
forth in this addendum and the Company's established underwriting requirements
for the product line. The General Agent agrees that policies and risks bound or
written by General Agent not in accordance with the conditions set forth in this
addendum and the General Agency Agreement to which it is attached, constitutes a
breach of the Agreement and any loss and expense shall be assumed by the General
Agent. In the event the Company sustains a loss on a policy or risk which the
General Agent has issued or bound which is not within the scope of his authority
under this addendum or General Agency Agreement to which it is attached, the
General Agent agrees to reimburse the Company for the amount of loss plus the
expenses incurred by the Company because of the loss.

                                       10
<PAGE>
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this addendum to be signed in
Pembroke Pines, Florida this 1 day of August 1998.


                             FEDERATED NATIONAL INSURANCE COMPANY



                             By:      /s/    Ronald A. Raymond
                                ------------------------------------------------
                                      President or Vice President


                             Witness: /s/    Lisette Lozano
                                     -------------------------------------------



                             ASSURANCE MANAGING GENERAL AGENTS, INC.



                             By:      /s/     Edward J. Lawson
                                ------------------------------------------------
                                      President or Vice President


                             Witness: /s/    Lisette Lozano
                                     -------------------------------------------

                                       11
<PAGE>
                    PRODUCT LINE AUTHORIZATION ADDENDUM NO. 2

PRODUCT LINE:                Mobile Home Owners & Mobile Home Physical Damage

COMPANY:                     Federated National Insurance Company

COVERAGES AUTHORIZED:        MAXIMUM LIMITS OF LIABILITY

Mobile Home,
Appurtenant Structures,
Contents & Additional
Living Expense
(Combined):                  $120,000.00
Personal Liability           $100,000.00

ADVANCE COMMISSION RATE:     22% Policy Writing Fee 100%

AUTHORIZED TERRITORY:        Florida

MAXIMUM POLICY PERIOD:       12 Months

EFFECTIVE DATE:              October 1,1997

PREMIUM REMITTANCE TIME:     45 Days

REPLACES ADDENDUM NO.:       N/A

The Company hereby authorizes the General Agent to transact business on behalf
of the Company under the terms and conditions set forth in the addendum and in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the General Agency Agreement to
which this addendum is attached. This authority is limited to the rules, rates
and underwriting guidelines that are filed with and approved by the insurance
departments of the state(s) in which the General Agent is authorized to do
business. The maximum annual premium volume that the General Agent is authorized
to write under this Agreement is $5,000,000 without prior written approval of
the Company.

The General Agent, by accepting this addendum, agrees to produce the authorized
class of business in accordance with the territory and limits of liability set
forth in this addendum and the Company's established underwriting requirements
for the product line. The General Agent agrees that policies and risks bound or
written by General Agent not in accordance with the conditions set forth in this
addendum and the General Agency Agreement to which it is attached, constitutes a
breach of the Agreement and any loss and expense shall be assumed by the General
Agent. In the event the Company sustains a loss on a policy or risk which the
General Agent has issued or bound which is not within the scope of his authority
under this addendum or General Agency Agreement to which it is attached, the
General Agent agrees to reimburse the Company for the amount of loss plus the
expenses incurred by the Company because of the loss.

                                       12
<PAGE>
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this addendum to be signed in
Fort Lauderdale, Florida this 1 day of August, 1998.


                             FEDERATED NATIONAL INSURANCE COMPANY



                             By:      /s/    Ronald A. Raymond
                               -------------------------------------------------
                                      President or Vice President


                                      /s/    Lisette Lozano
                             ---------------------------------------------------
                                      Witness



                             ASSURANCE MANAGING GENERAL AGENTS, INC.



                             By:      /s/    Edward J. Lawson
                                ------------------------------------------------
                                      President or Vice President


                                      /s/    Lisette Lozano
                             ---------------------------------------------------
                                      Witness

                                       13
<PAGE>
                    PRODUCT LINE AUTHORIZATION ADDENDUM NO. 3

PRODUCT LINE:                Home Owners

COMPANY:                     Federated National Insurance Company

COVERAGES AUTHORIZED:        MAXIMUM LIMITS OF LIABILITY

Home, Appurtenant Structures,
Contents & Additional
Living Expense
(Combined):                  $750,000.00
Personal Liability           $500,000.00

ADVANCE COMMISSION RATE:     15% Policy Writing Fee 100%

AUTHORIZED TERRITORY:        Florida

MAXIMUM POLICY PERIOD:       12 Months

EFFECTIVE DATE:              March 1,1999

PREMIUM REMITTANCE TIME:     45 Days

REPLACES ADDENDUM NO.:       N/A

The Company hereby authorizes the General Agent to transact business on behalf
of the Company under the terms and conditions set forth in the addendum and in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the General Agency Agreement to
which this addendum is attached. This authority is limited to the rules, rates
and underwriting guidelines that are filed with and approved by the insurance
departments of the state(s) in which the General Agent is authorized to do
business. The maximum annual premium volume that the General Agent is authorized
to write under this Agreement is $5,000,000 without prior written approval of
the Company.

The General Agent, by accepting this addendum, agrees to produce the authorized
class of business in accordance with the territory and limits of liability set
forth in this addendum and the Company's established underwriting requirements
for the product line. The General Agent agrees that policies and risks bound or
written by General Agent not in accordance with the conditions set forth in this
addendum and the General Agency Agreement to which it is attached, constitutes a
breach of the Agreement and any loss and expense shall be assumed by the General
Agent. In the event the Company sustains a loss on a policy or risk which the
General Agent has issued or bound which is not within the scope of his authority
under this addendum or General Agency Agreement to which it is attached, the
General Agent agrees to reimburse the Company for the amount of loss plus the
expenses incurred by the Company because of the loss.

                                       14
<PAGE>
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this addendum to be signed in
Fort Lauderdale, Florida this 1 day of August, 1998.


                             FEDERATED NATIONAL INSURANCE COMPANY



                             By:      /s/    Ronald A. Raymond
                               -------------------------------------------------
                                      President or Vice President


                                      /s/    Lisette Lozano
                             ---------------------------------------------------
                                      Witness



                             ASSURANCE MANAGING GENERAL AGENTS, INC.



                             By:      /s/    Edward J. Lawson
                                ------------------------------------------------
                                      President or Vice President


                                      /s/    Lisette Lozano
                             ---------------------------------------------------
                                      Witness

                                       15


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
