<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exhibit-richmond.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT - THOMAS C. RICHMOND
<TEXT>

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This  EMPLOYMENT  AGREEMENT  (the  "Agreement")  dated as of  December  13, 2002
("Agreement  Date") by and between  Financial  Industries  Corporation,  a Texas
company ("Company"), and Thomas C. Richmond ("Executive"),  a resident of Texas.
Executive is currently  serving as Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of
the Company. The parties desire to enter into this Agreement,  which is intended
to  more  fully  embody  the  agreement  among  the  parties  as to  Executive's
employment.  In consideration of the mutual  agreements  contained  herein,  the
Company and Executive agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I.

                                   DEFINITIONS

The terms set forth  below have the  following  meanings  (such  meanings  to be
applicable  to both the  singular  and  plural  forms,  except  where  otherwise
expressly indicated):

1.1 "Accrued  Annual  Bonus" means the amount of any Annual Bonus earned but not
yet paid with respect to any Fiscal Year ended prior to the Date of Termination.

1.2 "Accrued Base Salary" means the amount of  Executive's  Base Salary which is
accrued but not yet paid as of the Date of Termination.

1.3  "Affiliate"  means any Person that  directly  or  indirectly  controls,  is
controlled by, is under common control with, a Company. For the purposes of this
definition,  the term  "control"  when used with respect to any Person means (a)
the power to direct or cause the  direction  of  management  or policies of such
Person,  directly  or  indirectly,  whether  through  the  ownership  of  voting
securities,  by contract or  otherwise,  or (b) for purposes of Section 1.11 and
Article VII, the power  substantially  to influence  the  direction of strategic
management  policies  of such  Person,  and  provided a Company  has a direct or
indirect  commercial  relationship  with such Person,  all as  determined by the
Compensation Committee of the Board or its successor.

1.4 "Agreement" -- as defined in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.

1.5  "Agreement  Date"  -- as  defined  in the  introductory  paragraph  of this
Agreement.

1.6 "Anniversary Date" means any annual anniversary of the Agreement Date.

1.7 "Annual Bonus" -- as described in Section 4.2.


                                     - 1 -


<PAGE>


1.8 "Base Salary" -- as described in Section 4.1.

1.9 "Beneficiary" -- as defined in Section 8.36.

1.10  "Board"  means  the Board of  Directors  of  Company  unless  the  context
indicates otherwise.

1.11 "Cause" means any of the following:

     (a)  Executive's  conviction  of,  plea  of  guilty  to,  or  plea  of nolo
          contendere to a felony or  misdemeanor  (other than a  traffic-related
          felony  or  misdemeanor)  that  involves  fraud,  dishonesty  or moral
          turpitude,

     (b)  any  willful  action by  Executive  resulting  in  criminal,  civil or
          internal  Company  conviction,  sanction or judgment  under Federal or
          State workplace  harassment or discrimination laws or internal Company
          workplace  harassment,  discrimination or other workplace policy under
          which such  action  could be and could  reasonably  be  expected to be
          grounds for  immediate  termination  of a member of Senior  Management
          (other than mere failure to meet  performance  goals,  objectives,  or
          measures),

     (c)  Executive's willful and intentional material breach of this Agreement,

     (d)  Executive's  habitual  neglect of duties,  (other than  resulting from
          Executive's  incapacity  due to  physical  or  mental  illness)  which
          results  in  substantial  financial  detriment  to the  Company or any
          Affiliate,

     (e)  Executive's  personally  engaging  in such  conduct  as  results or is
          likely to result in (i)  substantial  damage to the  reputation of the
          Company  or  any  Affiliate,  as  a  respectable  business,  and  (ii)
          substantial  financial detriment (whether immediately or over time) to
          the Company or any Affiliate,

     (f)  Executive's  willful  and  intentional   material  misconduct  in  the
          performance  or gross  negligence  of his duties under this  Agreement
          that results in substantial  financial detriment to the Company or any
          Affiliate,


                                     - 2 -


<PAGE>


     (g)  Executive's  intentional  failure (including a failure caused by gross
          negligence)  to cause the  Company  or any  Affiliate  to comply  with
          applicable law and regulations material to the business of the Company
          which results in substantial financial detriment to the Company or any
          Affiliate, or
     (h)  Executive's  willful or intentional  failure to comply in all material
          respects  with a specific  written  direction  of the Chief  Executive
          Officer  of the  Company  that  is  consistent  with  normal  business
          practice and not  inconsistent  with this  Agreement  and  Executive's
          responsibilities hereunder.

For purposes of clauses (c), (d),  (e), (f) and (g) of the  preceding  sentence,
Cause shall not mean the mere  existence or occurrence of any one or more of the
following, and for purposes of clause (h) of the preceding sentence, Cause shall
not mean the mere existence or occurrence of item (iv) below:

          (i)  bad judgment,

          (ii) negligence,  other than Executive's habitual neglect of duties or
               gross negligence;

          (iii)any act or  omission  that  Executive  believed  in good faith to
               have  been in the  interest  of the  Company  (without  intent of
               Executive to gain therefrom,  directly or indirectly, a profit to
               which he was not legally entitled), or

          (iv) failure to meet performance goals, objectives or measures;

provided,  that for purposes of clauses (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) and (h), any act
or omission that is curable shall not constitute  Cause unless the Company gives
Executive  written  notice of such act or omission that  specifically  refers to
this  Section  and,  within 10 days after such notice is received by  Executive,
Executive fails to cure such act or omission.

1.12 "Code"  means the Internal  Revenue  Code of 1986,  as amended from time to
time.

1.13 "Company" - as defined in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

1.14 "Competitive Business" means as of any date any corporation or other Person
(and any branch,  office or operation  thereof)  that engages in, or proposes to
engage in:


                                     - 3 -


<PAGE>


     (a)  the  underwriting,  reinsurance,  marketing or sale of (i) any form of
          insurance of any kind that any of the  Companies as of such date does,
          or has under active consideration a proposal to, underwrite, reinsure,
          market  or sell  (any such form of  insurance,  a  "Company  Insurance
          Product") or (ii) any other form of insurance that is marketed or sold
          in competition with any Company Insurance Product, or

     (b)  any  other  business  that as of such  date is a direct  and  material
          competitor of a Company and its Affiliates to the extent that prior to
          the Date of Termination any of the Companies or its Affiliates engaged
          at any time within 12 months in or had under  active  consideration  a
          proposal to engage in such competitive business;

and that is located  anywhere  in the United  States  where such  Company or its
Affiliates is then engaged in, or has under active  consideration  a proposal to
engage in, any of such activities.

1.15  "Current  CEO" means Eugene E. Payne,  the  Chairman,  President and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company as of the Agreement Date.

1.16  "Date of  Termination"  means  the date of the  receipt  of the  Notice of
Termination by Executive (if such Notice is given by or on behalf of Company) or
by Company (if such Notice is given by  Executive),  or any later date, not more
than 15 days after the giving of such Notice,  specified  in such notice,  as of
which Executive's  employment with the Companies shall be terminated;  provided,
however, that:

          (i)  if Executive's  employment is terminated by reason of death,  the
               Date of Termination shall be the date of Executive's death; and

          (ii) if Executive's  employment is terminated by reason of Disability,
               the Date of Termination  shall be the 30th day after  Executive's
               receipt of the physician's  certification of Disability,  unless,
               before such date,  Executive  shall have  resumed  the  full-time
               performance of Executive's duties; and

          (iii)if Executive  terminates his employment  without Good Reason, the
               Date of  Termination  shall be the 30th day after  the  giving of
               such Notice; and

          (iv) if no Notice of  Termination  is given,  the Date of  Termination
               shall be the last  date on which  Executive  is  employed  by the
               Company


                                     - 4 -


<PAGE>


1.17 "Disability"  means a mental or physical  condition which renders Executive
unable or incompetent to carry out the material job responsibilities  which such
Executive  held or the material  duties to which  Executive  was assigned at the
time the disability was incurred, which has existed for at least six months.

1.18 "Employment Period" -- as defined in Section 3.1.

1.19 "Executive" -- as defined in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.

1.20  "Fiscal  Year"  means  the  calendar  year,  which is the  period  used in
connection  with the  preparation of the  consolidated  financial  statements of
Company.

1.21 "Good  Reason"  means the  occurrence  of any one of the  following  events
unless  Executive  specifically  agrees in writing  that such event shall not be
Good Reason:

     (a)  any material breach of the Agreement by the Company,  including any of
          the following, each of which shall be deemed material:

          (i)  any  adverse  change  in  the  title,  status,  responsibilities,
               authorities or perquisites of Executive which is initiated by any
               person other than the Current CEO;

          (ii) causing or requiring Executive to report to anyone other than the
               Chief Executive Officer of the Company;

          (iii)assignment to Executive of duties  materially  inconsistent  with
               his position and duties  described in this  Agreement,  including
               status,   offices,  or  responsibilities  as  contemplated  under
               Section  2.1or any other action by the Company or any of the Life
               Company  Subsidiaries  which results in an adverse change in such
               position, status, offices, titles or responsibilities;

          (iv) any  reduction  or  failure  to pay  Executive's  Base  Salary in
               violation  of Section  4.1 or his Annual  Bonus in  violation  of
               Section 4.2;


                                     - 5 -


<PAGE>


          (v)  any reduction in bonus or incentive opportunity; provided that no
               such  reduction  shall be  deemed  to occur  merely  because  the
               Company  revises or  modifies  the  structure  of or  performance
               factors  taken  into  account  (or the  degree  to which any such
               performance  factors are taken into  account)  under any bonus or
               incentive  plan  or  arrangement;   provided   further  that  the
               Executive  shall not be  treated  less  favorably  than the other
               members of Senior Management;

provided,  that no act or omission  described in clauses (i) through (v) of this
Section shall  constitute  Good Reason unless  Executive  gives Company  written
notice  of such  act or  omission  and the  Company  fails  to cure  such act or
omission  within  30-days after  delivery of such notice  (except that Executive
shall not be required  to provide  such  notice in case of  intentional  acts or
omissions  by a  Company  or  more  than  once  in  cases  of  repeated  acts or
omissions); or

     (b)  relocation  of the  Company's  executive  offices or  Executive's  own
          office  location  to a location  that is  outside  the  Austin,  Texas
          metropolitan area;

In the event of an occurrence or omission  constituting  Good Reason,  Executive
shall not be entitled to terminate his  employment for Good Reason unless within
3  months  after  Executive  first  obtains  actual  knowledge  of such an event
constituting  Good Reason,  he notifies Company of the events  constituting such
Good Reason and of his  intention to terminate  employment  for Good Reason by a
Notice of Termination.

1.22 "including" means including without limitation.

1.23 "Life Company Subsidiaries" means Investors Life Insurance Company of North
America and Family Life Insurance Company, which companies are indirect,  wholly
owned  subsidiaries  of the Company as of the date of this  Agreement.  The term
also  includes  any life  insurance  company  which  becomes an Affiliate of the
Company on or after the date of this Agreement.

1.24  "Notice  of  Termination"   means  a  written  notice  of  termination  of
Executive's employment given in accordance with Section 6.1 by Company on behalf
of the Companies,  or by Executive, as the case may be, which sets forth (a) the
specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon by the party giving
such  notice,  (b) in  reasonable  detail the specific  facts and  circumstances
claimed to provide a basis for such  Termination of  Employment,  and (c) if the
Date of  Termination  is other  than  the  date of  receipt  of such  Notice  of
Termination, the Date of Termination.


                                     - 6 -


<PAGE>


1.25 "Person" means any  individual,  sole  proprietorship,  partnership,  joint
venture,   limited  liability  company,  trust,   unincorporated   organization,
corporation,  institution,  public  benefit  corporation,  entity or  government
instrumentality, division, agency, body or department.

1.26  "Prorata  Annual  Bonus" means the product of (i) the Target  Annual Bonus
(provided  that no effect shall be given to any  reduction in such Target Annual
Bonus that would  qualify as Good  Reason if  Executive  were to  terminate  his
employment  on  account  thereof)  multiplied  by (ii) a  fraction  of which the
numerator  is the number of days which have  elapsed in such Fiscal Year through
the Date of Termination and the denominator of which is 365.

1.27  "Retirement"  means any Termination of Employment after Executive  reaches
age 65, other than for Cause and other than for Good Reason.

1.28 "Senior  Management"  means Vice  Presidents and the General Counsel of the
Company.

1.29 "Target Annual Bonus" -- as described in 4.2.


1.30 "Target Annual Goals" - as described in Section 4.2.

1.31  "Taxes"  means the  incremental  federal,  state,  and local  income taxes
payable by Executive with respect to any applicable item of income.

1.32  "Termination  For  Good  Reason"  means a  Termination  of  Employment  by
Executive for a Good Reason.

1.33 "Termination of Employment" means a termination by the Company or Executive
of Executive's employment with the Company and its Affiliates.

1.34  "Termination  Without  Cause" means a  Termination  of  Employment  by the
Company for any reason other than Cause or Executive's death or Disability.


                                     - 7 -


<PAGE>


                                    ARTICLE II.

                                     DUTIES

2.1 Duties.  Company shall employ Executive during the Employment  Period as one
of the Vice  Presidents  of the Company  reporting  directly to the CEO.  Unless
Executive is assigned by the Current CEO to other duties of similar  importance,
the Company shall employ Executive as the Chief Operating Officer, and Executive
shall have the authority,  duties, and  responsibilities as are commensurate and
consistent with such position and title, and as provided in, Company's  by-laws.
During the Employment  Period,  Executive shall follow the lawful  directives of
the CEO which are  consistent  with stated Board policy.  During the  Employment
Period, Executive shall perform the duties assigned to him, and shall devote his
full business time,  attention and effort,  excluding any periods of disability,
vacation,  or sick leave to which  Executive is entitled,  to the affairs of the
Company and shall use his best efforts to promote the  interests of the Company.
The Executive shall not engage in any other business or commercial  activity for
profit,  including  service on the board of directors of any  corporation  other
than the Company,  without the prior  written  consent of the CEO. The preceding
sentence is not intended to prevent  Executive from acting as a passive investor
in any business  which does not involve the personal  efforts of Executive.  The
Executive  acknowledges  that his business time is not limited to a fixed number
of hours per week.


                                  ARTICLE III.

                                EMPLOYMENT PERIOD

3.1  Employment  Period.  Subject  to  the  termination  provisions  hereinafter
provided,   the  term  of  Executive's  employment  under  this  Agreement  (the
"Employment  Period")  shall  begin  on  the  Agreement  Date  and  end  on  the
Anniversary  Date which is three years after such date or, if later,  such later
date to which  the  Employment  Period is  extended  pursuant  to the  following
sentence.  On the third  anniversary of the Agreement Date, and each Anniversary
Date thereafter,  the Employment  Period shall be automatically  extended for an
additional  one-year term until, at any time at least 90 days prior to the third
Anniversary  Date of the initial  term,  or at least 90 days prior to the end of
each one-year  extension of this Agreement,  Company delivers written notice (an
"Expiration  Notice") to Executive or Executive delivers an Expiration Notice to
Company,  in either case, to the effect that the Agreement  shall not be renewed
for an  additional  one-year term (the  "Expiration  Date").  The  employment of
Executive  by Company  shall not be  terminated  other than in  accordance  with
Article VI.


                                     - 8 -


<PAGE>


                                   ARTICLE IV.

                                  COMPENSATION

4.1 Salary.  Executive shall be paid in accordance with normal payroll practices
(but not less frequently than monthly) an annual salary at a rate of $190,000.00
per year ("Base Salary"). During the Employment Period, the Base Salary shall be
reviewed  periodically  and may be  increased  from  time to  time as  shall  be
determined  by the Chief  Executive  Officer  and  subsequently  ratified by the
Board. After any such increase, the term "Base Salary" shall thereafter refer to
the increased amount.  Any increase in Base Salary shall not limit or reduce any
other  obligation of the Company to Executive under this Agreement.  Base Salary
shall  not be  reduced  at any time  without  the  express  written  consent  of
Executive.

4.2 Annual Bonus.

     (a)  Executive shall be paid an annual bonus ("Annual Bonus") in accordance
          with the terms hereof for each Fiscal Year which begins or ends during
          the Employment Period. Executive shall be eligible for an Annual Bonus
          based upon target  performance  goals (the "Target Annual Goals"),  as
          determined by the Chief  Executive  Officer on an annual basis,  after
          consultation  with  Executive  and in accordance  with normal  Company
          administrative  practices for Senior Management,  which provides for a
          payment  opportunity  of at least the highest  target level  generally
          available  to Senior  Management  under any Company  annual bonus plan
          ("Target Annual Bonus") upon the Executive's achievement of the Target
          Annual  Goals.  Each such Annual  Bonus is intended to comply with the
          provisions of section 162(m) of the Code.

     (b)  The entire  Annual Bonus that is payable to Executive  with respect to
          the Fiscal Year shall be paid in cash as soon as practicable after the
          Chief Executive Officer has determined whether and the degree to which
          Target  Annual Goals have been  achieved  following  the close of such
          Fiscal Year.

     (c)  The overall  plan for the  Company's  Target  Annual  Goals for Senior
          Management is determined by the Chief Executive Officer.


                                     - 9 -


<PAGE>


4.3 Savings and  Retirement  Plans.  Executive  shall be eligible to participate
during the  Employment  Period in any Company's  savings and  retirement  plans,
practices,  policies and programs,  in accordance with the terms thereof, at the
highest  available  level,  if any,  applicable  from time to time to members of
Senior Management, including any supplemental executive retirement plan.

                                   ARTICLE V.

                                 OTHER BENEFITS

5.1 Welfare  Benefits.  During the Employment  Period,  Executive and his family
shall be eligible to participate in at the highest level,  and shall receive all
benefits under,  any Company's  welfare benefit plans,  practices,  policies and
programs  provided  or  made  generally  available  by  the  Company  to  Senior
Management (including medical, dental, disability, salary continuance,  employee
life, group life, dependent life, accidental death and travel accident insurance
plans and  programs),  in accordance  with their terms as in effect from time to
time.

5.2 Fringe Benefits.  During the Employment Period,  Executive shall be entitled
to fringe benefits generally  applicable to Senior Management in accordance with
their terms as in effect from time to time.

5.3 Vacation.  During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to paid
vacation  time under the plans,  practices,  policies,  and  programs  generally
applicable to members of Senior  Management in accordance with their terms as in
effect from time to time.

5.4  Expenses.  Executive  shall  be  promptly  reimbursed  for all  actual  and
reasonable  employment-related business expenses he incurs during the Employment
Period in accordance  with any Company's  practices,  policies,  and  procedures
generally  applicable to members of Senior  Management in accordance  with their
terms as in  effect  from  time to time,  including  the  timely  submission  of
required  receipts and accountings.  Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  no expense
shall be reimbursed more than once.


                                     - 10 -


<PAGE>


                                   ARTICLE VI.

                              TERMINATION BENEFITS

6.1 Termination for Cause or Other than for Good Reason, etc.

     (a)  If Company  terminates  Executive's  employment with the Companies for
          Cause or  Executive  terminates  his  employment  other  than for Good
          Reason,  death or  Disability,  the  Executive  shall be  entitled  to
          receive  immediately  after the Date of  Termination a lump sum amount
          equal to the sum of Executive's Accrued Base Salary and Accrued Annual
          Bonus, and Executive shall not be entitled to receive any severance or
          other payment, other than compensation and benefits which relate to or
          derive from Executive's employment with the Company on or prior to the
          Date  of  Termination  and  which  are  otherwise  payable  in case of
          termination  for  Cause  or  other  than  for  Good  Reason,  death or
          Disability, as applicable.

     (b)  Executive's employment may be terminated for Cause only if (i) Company
          provides  Executive  (before  the Date of  Termination)  with at least
          twenty days advance  written notice and specifies in detail in writing
          the basis of a claim of Cause and provides Executive,  with or without
          counsel,  at  Executive's  election,  an  opportunity  to be heard and
          present arguments and evidence on Executive's  behalf , (ii) the Chief
          Executive Officer of the Company determines that the acts or omissions
          constitute  Cause which Executive  failed to cure after being given an
          opportunity  to cure if  required by Section  1.11,  and to the effect
          that Executive's  employment  should be terminated for Cause and (iii)
          Company  thereafter  provides  Executive a Notice of Termination which
          specifies in detail the basis of such  Termination  of Employment  for
          Cause.

6.2  Termination  for Death or Disability.  If, before the end of the Employment
Period,  Executive's  employment  terminates  due to his  death  or  Disability,
Executive or his Beneficiaries, as the case may be, shall be entitled to receive
immediately  after the Date of Termination,  a lump sum amount which is equal to
the sum of Executive's  Accrued Base Salary,  Accrued Annual Bonus,  and Prorata
Annual Bonus.


                                     - 11 -


<PAGE>


6.3 Termination  Without Cause or for Good Reason. In the event of a Termination
Without Cause or a Termination for Good Reason (in either case occurring  during
the Employment Period), Executive shall be entitled to receive the following:

     (a)  promptly  after the Date of  Termination,  (but in no event later than
          ten  business  days after the Date of  Termination)  a lump sum amount
          equal to the sum of  Executive's  Accrued Base Salary,  Accrued Annual
          Bonus and Prorata Annual Bonus;

     (b)  promptly  after the Date of  Termination,  (but in no event later than
          ten business  days after the Date of  Termination),  a lump sum amount
          equal to the product of (i) the sum of Base Salary plus Target  Annual
          Bonus for the Fiscal Year during which the Date of Termination  occurs
          (provided  that no effect  shall be given to any  reduction  in Target
          Annual Bonus that would  qualify as Good Reason if  Executive  were to
          terminate his employment on account  thereof),  and multiplied by (ii)
          two;

     (c)  the  benefits  specified  in  Section  5.1 and  Section  5.2 to  which
          Executive is entitled as of the Date of  Termination,  for the greater
          of (i) the number of months  remaining in the initial  three-year term
          of this  Agreement or (ii)  twenty-four  months  following his Date of
          Termination,  subject to the terms of  applicable  plans,  programs or
          policies;  provided that the  Executive  shall pay the same amount for
          such benefits as covered members of Senior Management who are actively
          employed would pay;  provided further that any coverage required to be
          offered by the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985,
          as amended, shall begin after such benefits otherwise cease hereunder;

Notwithstanding  anything  herein to the  contrary,  the  benefits  provided  in
Section 6.3 shall be provided only upon  Executive's  execution of a release and
waiver as described in Section 6.5.

6.4  Other  Rights.  This  Agreement  shall  not  prevent  or limit  Executive's
continuing or future  participation  in any benefit,  bonus,  incentive or other
plan,  program or policy  provided by the Company  and for which  Executive  may
qualify,  and shall not impair the  Company's  rights to amend or terminate  any
benefit, bonus, incentive or other plan program or policy; provided however that
no such amendment or termination shall treat Executive less favorably than other
Senior  Management  and  Executive's  benefits,  bonus  and  incentives  in  the
aggregate  shall not be  reduced.  Amounts  which are vested  benefits  or which
Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, program or policy and
any other payment or benefit required by law at or after the Date of Termination
shall be payable in accordance  with such plan,  program or policy or applicable
law except as expressly modified by this Agreement.


                                     - 12 -


<PAGE>


6.5 Waiver and Release.  Notwithstanding  anything herein to the contrary,  upon
any Termination of Employment (other than due to death)

     (a)  the  Executive  shall  execute a release  and waiver in form  mutually
          agreed by Executive  and the Company  (which  agreement  neither party
          shall  unreasonably  withhold)  which  releases,  waives,  and forever
          discharges  the  Company,   its  Affiliates,   and  their   respective
          subsidiaries,  affiliates, employees, officers, shareholders, members,
          partners, directors, agents, attorneys,  predecessors,  successors and
          assigns,  from and against any and all claims,  liabilities,  demands,
          causes of  action,  costs,  expenses,  attorneys'  fees,  damages  and
          obligations  of every kind and nature in law,  equity,  or  otherwise,
          known  and  unknown,   suspected   and   unsuspected,   disclosed  and
          undisclosed,  including but not limited to any and all such claims and
          demands directly or indirectly  arising out of or in any way connected
          with the Executive's employment with and services as a director of the
          Company and its Affiliates;  claims or demands related to compensation
          or other  amounts under any  compensatory  arrangement,  stock,  stock
          options,  or any  other  ownership  interests  in the  Company  or any
          Affiliate,  vacation pay,  fringe  benefits,  expense  reimbursements,
          severance  benefits,  or any other  form of  compensation  or  equity;
          claims pursuant to any federal,  state, local law, statute of cause of
          action including,  but not limited to, the federal Civil Rights Act of
          1964, as amended;  the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act of
          1967, as amended; the federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990;
          tort  law,   contract   law;   wrongful   discharge,   discrimination;
          defamation;   harassment;   or  emotional   distress;   provided  that
          Executive's  waiver and release shall not relieve the  Companies  from
          any  of  the  following  obligations,  to the  extent  they  are to be
          performed  after the date of the release  and  waiver:  (i) payment of
          amounts due under  Sections 6.1, 6.2 or 6.3, as  applicable,  (ii) any
          obligations  under the.  second  sentence  of Section  6.4,  and (iii)
          payment of any gross-up  amount due under Article  VIII;  and provided
          further that (x) neither party shall release the other from his or its
          obligations  under  Article IX of this  agreement,  to the extent such
          obligations are to be performed after the Date of Termination, and (y)
          Executive  shall not be precluded from defending  against Cause Claims
          (as defined in Section 6.5(b)); and


                                     - 13 -


<PAGE>


     (b)  the Company shall execute a release and waiver in form mutually agreed
          by Executive  and the Company  (which  agreement  neither  party shall
          unreasonably withhold) which releases,  waives, and forever discharges
          the  Executive  and  his  executors,  administrators,  successors  and
          assigns,  from and against any and all claims,  liabilities,  demands,
          causes of  action,  costs,  expenses,  attorneys'  fees,  damages  and
          obligations  of every kind and nature in law,  equity,  or  otherwise,
          known  and  unknown,   suspected   and   unsuspected,   disclosed  and
          undisclosed,  including but not limited to any and all such claims and
          demands directly or indirectly  arising out of or in any way connected
          with the  Executive's  employment with or service as a director of the
          Company and its Affiliates, but excluding any such claims liabilities,
          demands,  causes of action, costs, expenses,  attorneys' fees, damages
          or  obligations  arising out of or in any way  connected  with events,
          acts  or  conduct  giving  rise  to  or  in  any  way  connected  with
          Executive's  Termination  of Employment  for Cause  ("Cause  Claims"),
          provided, however, that (i) neither party shall release the other from
          his or its  obligations  under  Article IX of this  agreement,  to the
          extent  such  obligations  are  to be  performed  after  the  Date  of
          Termination,  and (ii) Executive shall not be precluded from defending
          against Cause Claims.

     (c)  Executive  hereby  agrees  that the  execution  of this  Agreement  is
          adequate consideration for the execution of such a release, and hereby
          acknowledges  that the Company would not have executed this  Agreement
          had Executive not agreed to execute such a release.


                                     - 14 -


<PAGE>


                                   ARTICLE VII.

                              RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS

7.1 Non-Competition. Executive shall not at any time during the period beginning
on the  Agreement  Date and  ending  on the  second  anniversary  of the Date of
Termination  (whether or not during the Term),  directly or  indirectly,  in any
capacity:

     (a)  engage or participate  in, become employed by, serve as a director of,
          or render advisory or consulting or other services in connection with,
          any Competitive  Business;  provided,  however, that after the Date of
          Termination  this Section  7.1(a) shall not  preclude  Executive  from
          being an  employee  of,  or  consultant  to,  any  business  unit of a
          Competitive  Business if (i) such  business unit does not qualify as a
          Competitive Business in its own right and (ii) Executive does not have
          any direct or indirect  involvement  in, or  responsibility  for,  any
          operations of such Competitive  Business that cause it to qualify as a
          Competitive Business; or

     (b)  make or retain any financial investment, whether in the form of equity
          or debt, or own any interest, in any Competitive  Business;  provided,
          however, that nothing in this subsection shall restrict Executive from
          making an investment in any  Competitive  Business if such  investment
          (i)  represents no more than 1% of the  aggregate  market value of the
          outstanding  capital stock or debt (as applicable) of such Competitive
          Business, (ii) does not give Executive any right or ability,  directly
          or  indirectly,  to  control or  influence  the  policy  decisions  or
          management of such Competitive  Business,  and (iii) does not create a
          conflict of interest between  Executive's  duties under this Agreement
          and his interest in such investment.

7.2  Non-Solicitation.  Executive  shall  not  at any  time  during  the  period
beginning on the Agreement Date and ending on the second anniversary of the Date
of Termination (whether or not during the Term), directly or indirectly:


                                     - 15 -


<PAGE>


     (a)  other than in connection with the good-faith performance of his duties
          as an officer of any of the Companies, encourage any employee or agent
          of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate his relationship with the
          Company or any Affiliate;

     (b)  solicit the employment of or the engagement as a consultant or advisor
          of, any employee or agent of the Company or any Affiliate  (other than
          by the Company or an  Affiliate),  or cause or encourage any person to
          do any of the foregoing;

     (c)  establish (or take preliminary steps to establish) a business with, or
          encourage others to establish (or take preliminary steps to establish)
          a  business  with,  any  employee  or  agent  of  the  Company  or any
          Affiliate; or

     (d)  interfere  with the  relationship  of any of the  Companies  with,  or
          endeavor to entice away from any of the  Companies,  any Person who or
          which at any time during the period  commencing  one year prior to the
          Agreement Date was or is a material client or material supplier of, or
          maintained a material  business  relationship  with, the Company or an
          Affiliate.

7.3 Confidentiality. The Executive acknowledges that in the course of performing
services for the Companies and  Affiliates,  he may create,  develop,  learn of,
receive  or  contribute  non-public  information,   ideas,  processes,  methods,
designs, devices, inventions, data, models and other information relating to the
Companies  and  their  Affiliates  or  their  products,  services,   businesses,
operations,  employees or customers, whether in tangible or intangible form, and
that the  Company  or its  Affiliates  desire to  protect  and keep  secret  and
confidential,  including trade secrets and  information  from third parties that
the  Companies  or  their   Affiliates   are  obligated  to  keep   confidential
("Confidential  Information").  Confidential  Information shall not include: (i)
information  that is or becomes  generally  known through no fault of Executive;
(ii)  information  received  from a third party  outside of the Company that was
disclosed  without  a  breach  of  any  confidentiality   obligation;  or  (iii)
information  approved for release by written  authorization of the Company.  The
Executive  recognizes  that all such  Confidential  Information  is the sole and
exclusive  property of the Company and its  Affiliates,  and that  disclosure of
Confidential   Information  would  cause  damage  to  the  Companies  and  their
Affiliates.  The Executive agrees that,  except as required by the duties of his
employment  with any of the Companies or any of their and/or its  Affiliates and


                                     - 16 -


<PAGE>


except in connection with enforcing the Executive's  rights under this Agreement
or if compelled by a court or  governmental  agency,  in each case provided that
prior written  notice is given to Company,  he will not,  without the consent of
Company,  willfully  disseminate or otherwise disclose,  directly or indirectly,
any Confidential  Information obtained during his employment with the Company or
its Affiliates,  and will take all necessary  precautions to prevent disclosure,
to any unauthorized individual or entity inside or outside the Company, and will
not use the  Confidential  Information  or  permit  its use for the  benefit  of
Executive  or  any  other  person  or  entity  other  than  the  Company  or the
Affiliates. These obligations shall continue during and after the termination of
Executive's employment (whether or not during the Employment Period).

7.4 Reasonableness of Restrictive Covenants.

     (a)  Executive  acknowledges that the covenants  contained in Sections 7.1,
          7.2 and7.3 are reasonable in the scope of the  activities  restricted,
          the geographic area covered by the  restrictions,  and the duration of
          the restrictions,  and that such covenants are reasonably necessary to
          protect the Company's  relationships  with its employees,  clients and
          suppliers. Executive further acknowledges such covenants are essential
          elements  of this  Agreement  and that,  but for such  covenants,  the
          Company would not have entered into this Agreement.

     (b)  The Company and Executive have each  consulted  with their  respective
          legal counsel and have been advised  concerning the reasonableness and
          propriety  of  such  covenants.   Executive   acknowledges   that  his
          observance  of the  covenants  contained in Sections  7.1, 7.2 and 7.3
          will not deprive him of the ability to earn a livelihood or to support
          his dependents.

7.5 Right to Injunction; Survival of Undertakings.

     (a)  In recognition of the necessity of the limited restrictions imposed by
          Sections  7.1,  7.2 and  7.3,  the  parties  agree  that it  would  be
          impossible  to  measure  solely in money the  damages  that any of the
          Companies  would  suffer  if  Executive  were  to  breach  any  of his
          obligations  under  such  Sections.  Executive  acknowledges  that any
          breach of any provision of such Sections would irreparably  injure the
          Company.  Accordingly,  Executive  agrees  that the  Company  shall be
          entitled,  in addition to any other  remedies to which  Company may be
          entitled  under this  Agreement or  otherwise,  to an injunction to be
          issued by a court of  competent  jurisdiction,  to restrain any actual
          breach, or threatened breach, of such provisions, and Executive hereby
          waives any right to assert any defense  that any of the Company has to
          adequate remedy at law for any such breach.


                                     - 17 -


<PAGE>


     (b)  If a court  determines  that  any of the  covenants  included  in this
          Article  VII are  unenforceable  in whole or in part  because  of such
          covenant's  duration or  geographical  or other scope,  such court may
          modify the duration or scope of such provision, as the case may be, so
          as to cause such covenant as so modified to be enforceable.
     (c)  All  of  the   provisions  of  this  Article  VII  shall  survive  any
          Termination  of Employment  without regard to (i) the reasons for such
          termination or (ii) the expiration of the Employment Period.

     (d)  Company shall have any further  obligation to pay or provide severance
          or benefits under Section 6.3 if a court determines that the Executive
          has breached any covenant in this Article VII.


                                  ARTICLE VIII.

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

8.1 Approvals. The Company represents and warrants to Executive it has taken all
corporate action necessary to authorize this Agreement.

8.2 No  Mitigation.  In no event  shall  Executive  be  obligated  to seek other
employment or take any other action to mitigate the amounts payable to Executive
under any of the  provisions  of this  Agreement,  nor  shall the  amount of any
payment  hereunder  be  reduced  by  any  compensation  earned  as a  result  of
Executive's  employment by another  employer,  except that any continued welfare
benefits  provided for by Section  6.3(d) shall not  duplicate any benefits that
are  provided to  Executive  and his family by such other  employer and shall be
secondary to any coverage provided by such other employer.

The Company's obligation to make the payments provided for in this Agreement and
otherwise  perform the  obligations  hereunder  shall not (unless  Executive  is
terminated  for Cause) be  affected  by any  circumstances,  including  set-off,
counterclaim,  recoupment,  defense or other  claim,  right or action  which the
Company may have against Executive.

                                     - 18 -


<PAGE>


8.3 Beneficiary. If Executive dies prior to receiving all of the amounts payable
to him in  accordance  with the terms and  conditions  of this  Agreement,  such
amounts shall be paid to the beneficiary ("Beneficiary") designated by Executive
in writing to the Company  during his  lifetime,  or if no such  Beneficiary  is
designated,  to Executive's estate. Such payments shall be made in a lump sum to
the  extent so  payable  and,  to the  extent  not  payable  in a lump  sum,  in
accordance  with the terms of this  Agreement.  Such payments  shall not be less
than the amount  payable to Executive  as if Executive  had lived to the date of
payment  and were  the  payee.  Executive,  without  the  consent  of any  prior
Beneficiary,  may change his designation of Beneficiary or  Beneficiaries at any
time or from time to time by  submitting  to the  Company a new  designation  in
writing.

8.4 Assignment;  Successors.  This Agreement is personal to Executive and he may
not  assign  his  duties or  obligations  under it.  Company  may not assign its
respective rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written
consent of  Executive,  except to a successor to the  Company's  business  which
expressly assumes the Company's obligations hereunder in writing. This Agreement
shall be  binding  upon and inure to the  benefit of  Executive,  his estate and
Beneficiaries,  the Company and its  successors and permitted  assigns.  Company
shall require any successor to all or  substantially  all of the business and/or
assets  of such  Company,  whether  direct or  indirect,  by  purchase,  merger,
consolidation, acquisition of stock, or otherwise, expressly to assume and agree
to perform  this  Agreement  in the same  manner and to the same  extent as such
Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

8.5 Non-alienation.  Except as is otherwise expressly provided herein,  benefits
payable under this Agreement shall not be subject in any manner to anticipation,
alienation,   sale,   transfer,   assignment,   pledge,   encumbrance,   charge,
garnishment,  execution or levy of any kind,  either  voluntary or  involuntary,
prior to actually being  received by Executive,  and any such attempt to dispose
of any right to benefits payable hereunder shall be void.

8.6  Severability.  If all or any  part  of this  Agreement  is  declared  to be
unlawful  or  invalid,  such  unlawfulness  or  invalidity  shall  not  serve to
invalidate any portion of this Agreement not declared to be unlawful or invalid.
Any  provision  so declared to be unlawful or invalid  shall,  if  possible,  be
construed in a manner  which will give effect to the terms of such  provision to
the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid.


                                     - 19 -


<PAGE>


8.6 Amendment; Waiver. This Agreement shall not be amended or modified except by
written  instrument  executed  by Company and  Executive.  A waiver of any term,
covenant or condition  contained in this Agreement  shall not be deemed a waiver
of any other term,  covenant or condition,  and any waiver of any default in any
such  term,  covenant  or  condition  shall  not be deemed a waiver of any later
default thereof or of any other term, covenant or condition.

8.7  Arbitration,  Any  dispute,  controversy  or  claim  arising  out  of or in
connection  with or relating to this  Agreement or any breach or alleged  breach
thereof  shall be  submitted  to and settled by binding  arbitration  in Austin,
Texas,  in  accordance  with the  Commercial  Arbitration  Rules of the American
Arbitration  Association  (or at any  other  place or under  any  other  form of
arbitration  mutually  acceptable  to the  parties so  involved).  Any  dispute,
controversy or claim  submitted for  resolution  shall be submitted to three (3)
arbitrators,  each of whom is a  nationally  recognized  executive  compensation
specialist.  The Company shall select one arbitrator, the Executive shall select
one  arbitrator  and the third  arbitrator  shall be  selected  by the first two
arbitrators.  Any award rendered shall be final and conclusive  upon the parties
and a judgment thereon may be entered in the highest court of a forum,  state or
federal,  having  jurisdiction.  The expenses of the arbitration  shall be borne
equally by the parties,  except that in the  discretion of the  arbitrators  any
award may include the fees and costs of a party's  attorneys  if the  arbitrator
expressly  determines  that the party  against  whom such award is  entered  has
caused the dispute,  controversy  or claim to be submitted to arbitration in bad
faith or as a dilatory tactic.  No arbitration shall be commenced after the date
when  institution  of legal or  equitable  proceedings  based upon such  subject
matter would be barred by the applicable statute of limitations. Notwithstanding
anything to the  contrary  contained  in this  Section 8.7 or  elsewhere in this
Agreement, either party may bring an action in the Travis County, Texas District
Court, in order to maintain the status quo ante of the parties.  The "status quo
ante" is defined as the last peaceable,  uncontested status between the parties.
However,  neither  the party  bringing  the action nor the party  defending  the
action thereby  waives its right to  arbitration of any dispute,  controversy or
claim  arising  out  of  or  in  connection  or  relating  to  this   Agreement.
Notwithstanding  anything  to the  contrary  contained  in this  Section  8.7 or
elsewhere  in this  Agreement,  either  party  may  seek  relief  in the form of
specific  performance,  injunctive or other equitable relief in order to enforce


                                     - 20 -


<PAGE>


the  decision  of the  arbitrator.  The  parties  agree that in any  arbitration
commenced  pursuant to this  Agreement,  the  parties  shall be entitled to such
discovery (including  depositions,  requests for the production of documents and
interrogatories)  as would be available in a federal  district court pursuant to
Rules 26 through 37 of the Federal Rules of Civil  Procedure.  In the event that
either  party  fails to comply with its  discovery  obligations  hereunder,  the
arbitrator(s) shall have full power and authority to compel disclosure or impose
sanctions to the full extent of Rule 37, Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.

8.8 Notices. All notices hereunder shall be in writing and delivered by hand, by
nationally-recognized delivery service that guarantees overnight delivery, or by
first-class,  registered or certified mail,  return receipt  requested,  postage
prepaid, addressed as follows:


        If to Company, to: Financial Industries Corporation
                           6500 River Place Blvd., Building  One
                           Austin,  Texas 78730
                           Attention:  Eugene E. Payne,
                            Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
                           Facsimile No.: (512) 404-5051

If to Executive, to: At his most recent home address or facsimile number on file
with the Company)

Either  party may from time to time  designate a new address by notice  given in
accordance with this Section.  Notice shall be effective when actually  received
by the addressee.

8.9 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each
of which  shall be  deemed to be an  original,  but all of which  together  will
constitute one and the same instrument.

8.10  Captions.  The captions of this Agreement are not a part of the provisions
hereof and shall have no force or effect.

8.11 Entire  Agreement.  This Agreement forms the entire  agreement  between the
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained in the Agreement and
shall supersede all prior  agreements,  promises and  representations  regarding
employment,   compensation,   severance  or  other  payments   contingent   upon
termination of employment, whether in writing or otherwise.


                                     - 21 -


<PAGE>


8.12  Applicable  Law,  This  Agreement  shall be  interpreted  and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Texas,  without regard to its choice of
law principles.

8.13  Survival of  Executive's  Rights.  All of  Executive's  rights  hereunder,
including his rights to compensation  and benefits,  and his  obligations  under
Article VIII hereof, shall survive the termination of Executive's  employment or
the termination of this Agreement.

8.14 Joint and Several  Liability.  The  obligations of the Company to Executive
under this Agreement shall be joint and several.


IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties have executed this Agreement on the date first
above written.


Financial Industries Corporation



By:    /s/  Theodore A. Fleron
   _________________________________
   Title:  Secretary






      /s/   Thomas C. Richmond
   _________________________________
   Thomas C. Richmond






                                     - 22 -



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
