<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>l99910aexv10w13.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.13
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.13


                                LICENSE AGREEMENT

         THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made and entered into as of the
2nd day of January, 2003 (the "Effective Date") between GREAT AMERICAN INSURANCE
COMPANY ("Licensor") and INFINITY PROPERTY AND CASUALTY CORPORATION ("Licensee")
(collectively, the "Parties").

                                    RECITALS

         WHEREAS, Licensor owns the Licensed Marks identified in SCHEDULE A; and

         WHEREAS, Licensor and Licensee have entered into a Services Agreement
dated of even herewith (the "Services Agreement"), providing for the supply of
certain information and services by Licensor and its affiliates to Licensee and
its affiliates relating to the Reinsurance Agreement dated of even herewith (the
"Reinsurance Agreement"), and the Parties may enter into a further Servicing
Agreement (the "Servicing Agreement for Direct Business"), providing for the
supply of certain services by Licensee and its affiliates to Licensor and its
affiliates relating to the Direct Business;

         WHEREAS, the Services Agreement provides for a license to use the
Licensed Marks upon and in connection with certain products and services; and

         WHEREAS, the Parties agree that Licensor shall grant to Licensee a
license to use the Licensed Marks for such products and services, subject to the
terms and conditions herein;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
promises and obligations contained herein, the Parties agree as follows:

                                    AGREEMENT

                                   DEFINITIONS

         "Business Services" means, collectively the Direct Business Services,
the Reinsured Business Services, and any conduct of Licensee's personal lines
insurance business.

         "Direct Business" means Licensor's direct to consumer personal lines
insurance business.

         "Direct Business Services" means those services provided by Licensee in
connection with the Servicing Agreement for Direct Business.

         "Great American Marks" means the trademarks and service marks including
the Great American logo or the word "Great" or any permutation thereof in any of
the variations used in the business of Licensor (including the mark "Great
American DriverClub", which for the purpose of this Agreement shall be a "Great
American Mark") identified in SCHEDULE A as Great American Marks and the logos
used in connection therewith.

         "Licensed Marks" means, collectively, the Personal Lines Marks and the
Great American Marks.



<PAGE>

         "Personal Lines Marks" means the trademarks and service marks in any of
the variations used in the business of Licensor identified in SCHEDULE A as
Personal Lines Marks and the logos used in connection therewith, excluding the
"Great American Marks."

         "Reinsured Business Services" means those services provided by Licensee
in connection with the Reinsured Business.

         "Subsidiaries" means the directly or indirectly wholly owned property
and casualty insurance company subsidiaries of Licensee.

         "Territory" means the United States of America, including its
territories and possessions and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.

         All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings set
forth in the Services Agreement.

1.  GRANT OF LICENSE

         1.1      License Grant. Subject to the terms herein, Licensor grants to
                  Licensee (a) a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable
                  license in the Territory to use the Great American Marks and
                  the Personal Lines Marks solely upon and in connection with
                  the sale, promotion, marketing, advertisement and distribution
                  of the Direct Business Services (solely during the term of the
                  Servicing Agreement for Direct Business) and the Reinsured
                  Business Services (solely until the later of the expiration of
                  the Reinsurance Agreement, or the cessation of all of
                  Licensee's obligations thereunder), and (b) a non-exclusive,
                  royalty-free, non-transferable, perpetual (subject to
                  termination in accordance with Section 4.2) license in the
                  Territory to use the Personal Lines Marks upon and in
                  connection with the sale, promotion, marketing, advertisement
                  and distribution of the Licensee's personal lines insurance
                  business. All rights not specifically granted to Licensee
                  herein are reserved by Licensor. Licensor will not object to
                  use of the Driverclub & Design mark (Registration 2,636,426)
                  by Licensee or its Subsidiaries in connection with Licensee's
                  or its Subsidiaries' corporate names.

         1.2      Scope of Rights. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the
                  Licensed Marks are the sole and exclusive property of
                  Licensor. Licensee shall not challenge or take any action
                  inconsistent with Licensor's ownership of the Licensed Marks
                  at any time. Licensor specifically reserves the right to use,
                  or grant licenses to other third parties to use, the Licensed
                  Marks.

         1.3      No Other Right To Licensed Marks or Third Party Marks. This
                  Agreement conveys to Licensee no other rights to the Licensed
                  Marks except as specified herein; nor does this Agreement
                  grant to Licensee rights to any intellectual property of any
                  third party except as specified herein.

         1.4      Sublicensing. Licensee shall have the right to sublicense the
                  Licensed Marks to its property and casualty insurance company
                  Subsidiaries; provided, Licensee


                                       2
<PAGE>

                  shall be responsible for ensuring that any use by its
                  sublicensees of any Licensed Mark, and any other actions or
                  failures to take action of such sublicensees, shall comply in
                  all respects with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
                  Any failure of any such sublicensee to comply with all
                  applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be
                  deemed a breach of this Agreement by Licensee. Licensee may
                  not otherwise sublicense the Licensed Marks.

         1.5      Discontinuance of Use. Licensee acknowledges that, from time
                  to time, Licensor may discontinue the use of all or any of the
                  Licensed Marks. In the event that Licensor ceases use of any
                  of the Great American Marks, Licensee will cease use of any
                  such marks as soon as is commercially reasonable following
                  written notice from Licensor. In the event that Licensor
                  ceases use of any of the Personal Lines Marks, Licensor will
                  offer to assign any such mark to Licensee at Licensee's
                  expense. Subsequent to any such assignment, all expenses
                  relating to the assigned mark will be borne by Licensee.

         1.6      Licensee Modifications. In no event shall Licensee modify any
                  of the Great American Marks. In the event Licensee desires to
                  modify any of the Personal Lines Marks for its use, Licensee
                  shall submit samples of the modified mark to Licensor at least
                  thirty (30) days prior to the commercial use thereof. If
                  Licensor approves in writing of the modified mark submitted by
                  Licensee, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or
                  delayed, that modified mark is included in the Personal Lines
                  Marks and Licensee may use the modified mark in accordance
                  with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. All right,
                  title and interest in and to any such modified mark shall be
                  owned by Licensor. Licensee shall not use any variation of the
                  Licensed Marks which has not been approved by Licensor.
                  Licensee shall not claim ownership of any modified mark of
                  Licensor.

         1.7      Termination for Abandonment. In the event Licensee abandons
                  its use of any of the Licensed Marks for a period of one (1)
                  year, Licensee's rights to any such Licensed Marks shall be
                  terminated and all of Licensee's rights to any such Licensed
                  Marks under this Agreement shall revert to Licensor. Licensee
                  shall promptly notify Licensor of any such abandonment.

2.  USE OF THE LICENSED MARKS

         2.1      Use of Licensed Marks. Neither party shall knowingly use the
                  Licensed Marks, or any other trademark, service mark, trade
                  name, logo, symbol or devices in combination with or
                  confusingly similar to the Licensed Marks in a form and manner
                  or for a subject matter that may: (a) reduce the value of the
                  Licensed Marks, or (b) injure the other Party's business, the
                  reputation of the Licensed Marks or of the other Party, or the
                  goodwill appurtenant to the Licensed Marks.

         2.2      Trademark Notices. Licensee shall display in connection with
                  any use of the Licensed Marks and associated materials such
                  trademark, copyright and other proprietary notices as are
                  currently in use for Licensor's products and services or as
                  otherwise reasonably instructed by Licensor.


                                       3
<PAGE>

         2.3      Trade Names. Licensee shall not use any Licensed Marks as part
                  of a trade name or corporate name unless separately agreed in
                  writing in advance by Licensor.

         2.4      Services. Licensee shall not use the Licensed Marks on or in
                  connection with any materials which relate to any business
                  other than the Business, including the Reinsured Business, and
                  the Direct Business.

3.  QUALITY CONTROL AND APPROVALS

         3.1      Quality Standards. Licensee warrants that the Business
                  Services and all promotional, advertising, and related
                  materials sold under or bearing the Licensed Marks shall meet
                  or exceed the quality standards and specifications in use by
                  Licensor in commerce as of the date of this Agreement, or
                  where no such standards exist, a level of quality at least
                  consistent with the quality standards generally accepted for
                  other competitive products or services. Licensee will, as soon
                  as commercially reasonable, comply with the Great American
                  Brand Design Guidelines delivered in writing to Licensee as
                  Licensor may amend from time to time, provided that any such
                  guidelines or amendments thereto shall not unreasonably
                  interfere with the conduct of Licensee's business.

         3.2      Samples Submission. Upon Licensor's request from time to time,
                  Licensee shall submit samples of all reasonably requested
                  materials using the Licensed Marks to Licensor for evaluation
                  by Licensor. If such materials are found by Licensor in the
                  exercise of its reasonable judgment not to meet quality
                  standards, Licensee will promptly correct any problems and
                  reimburse Licensor for any reasonable expense of evaluating
                  and reevaluating such materials for compliance.

         3.3      Quality Maintenance/Inspection of Facilities. Licensee
                  warrants that all products and services it advertises,
                  distributes, provides and sells under the Licensed Marks shall
                  be substantially identical to and of no lesser quality than
                  the quality standards and specifications described in Section
                  3.1 hereof. Licensee shall submit to Licensor for prior
                  written approval any proposed material change to any of the
                  Business Services which could affect in any material respect
                  the quality standards.

         3.4      Rescission of Approval. Licensee shall promptly remove from
                  sale or distribution any product or associated artwork or
                  materials to which Licensor rescinds approval as the result of
                  inspection or evaluation under this Section 3. Licensor will
                  not unreasonably rescind approval of any Business Services,
                  use of the Licensed Marks or any materials previously
                  approved.

         3.5      Substandard Quality. In the event that the quality of the
                  Business Services or any marketing, packaging or other
                  materials bearing any Licensed Mark falls below the acceptable
                  level (as defined in Section 3.1) as determined by Licensor in
                  its reasonable discretion, Licensee shall, promptly correct or
                  cease the use as instructed by Licensor.


                                       4
<PAGE>

         3.6      Disposal of Unapproved/Substandard Materials. Licensee shall,
                  upon Licensor's direction, ship to Licensor or destroy and
                  certify such destruction, all unapproved, rescinded, or
                  substandard materials using any Licensed Mark.

4.  TERM

         4.1      Term. This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective
                  Date and shall remain in full force and effect unless or until
                  terminated in accordance with Section 4.2.

         4.2      Termination of Agreement. Licensor may terminate the rights
                  granted in Section 1.1: (i) if Licensee materially breaches
                  the terms of this Agreement and fails to cure within thirty
                  (30) days of receipt of written notice of such breach from
                  Licensor; or (ii) immediately upon notice, not withstanding
                  any other provision of this Agreement, if Licensee uses the
                  Licensed Marks in any manner in connection with any
                  pornographic, obscene or other scandalous products; or (iii)
                  immediately upon notice, if Licensee makes an assignment for
                  the benefit of creditors, files a petition under the
                  bankruptcy or insolvency laws of any jurisdiction, appoints a
                  trustee or receiver for its property or business, or is
                  adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent.

         4.3      Effect of Termination. Upon expiration or cessation of all of
                  Licensee's obligations under the Reinsurance Agreement,
                  Licensee shall immediately cease and desist from any and all
                  use of the Licensed Marks in connection with the Reinsured
                  Business (except to the extent such Reinsured Business is
                  otherwise a Business Service), including but not limited to
                  any marketing, distribution, sales or promotional materials
                  bearing the Licensed Marks. Upon expiration or termination of
                  the Servicing Agreement for Direct Business, Licensee shall
                  immediately cease and desist from any and all use of the
                  Licensed Marks in connection with the Direct Business (except
                  to the extent such Direct Business is otherwise a Business
                  Service), including but not limited to any marketing,
                  distribution, sales or promotional materials bearing the
                  Licensed Marks. Upon a termination of Licensee's rights in
                  accordance with Section 4.2 above, Licensee shall immediately
                  cease and desist from any and all use of the Licensed Marks,
                  including but not limited to any marketing, distribution,
                  sales or promotional materials bearing the Licensed Marks, and
                  shall, in accordance with Section 3.6, ship to Licensor or
                  destroy all materials using any Licensed Mark.

5.  OWNERSHIP, GOODWILL AND PROTECTION

         5.1      Acknowledgment. Licensee will never represent that it is the
                  owner of the Licensed Marks and shall not attempt to register
                  or maintain any registrations for the Licensed Marks alone or
                  as part of its own trademark or service mark in any
                  jurisdiction. Licensee will use the Licensed Marks only in the
                  manner and in the geographic region specified in this
                  Agreement. Licensee agrees that it will not at any time attack
                  Licensor's rights in the Licensed Marks. The Parties expressly

                                       5
<PAGE>

                  intend and agree that all use of the Licensed Marks and all
                  goodwill deriving therefrom shall inure to the sole benefit of
                  Licensor.

         5.2      Confusingly Similar Marks. Licensee shall not use or authorize
                  use at any time of any mark, name, design, logo or other
                  designation confusingly similar to the Licensed Marks.

         5.3      Goodwill. Licensee recognizes the value of the publicity and
                  goodwill associated with the Licensed Marks, acknowledges that
                  the Licensed Marks and any marks confusingly similar to the
                  Licensed Marks have acquired secondary meaning, and that all
                  related rights and goodwill belong and will belong exclusively
                  to Licensor.

         5.4      Reasonable Assistance. Licensee agrees to provide Licensor
                  with such reasonable assistance as Licensor may request in
                  obtaining any protection of the Licensed Marks, at Licensor's
                  expense.

         5.5      Third Party Unauthorized Use of Licensed Marks.

                  (a)      Notification. Each Party agrees to notify the other
                           Party, in writing, of any use that it believes may
                           constitute an infringement or unfair competition
                           involving Licensed Marks relating to the Business
                           Services, or any claim by a third party that use of
                           the Licensed Marks by Licensor or Licensee infringes
                           the rights of any third party.

                  (b)      Protection/Enforcement.

                           (i) Notwithstanding any other provision contained
                           herein, as between the parties, Licensor shall have
                           the initial right to protect and enforce Licensor's
                           intellectual property rights in the Licensed Marks,
                           whether registered or unregistered. In the event that
                           Licensor fails to protect or enforce Licensor's
                           rights within ninety (90) days of Licensor becoming
                           aware of any violation or threatened violation of a
                           Licensed Mark, Licensee shall have the right to
                           protect and enforce Licensor's rights, in the name of
                           Licensee and/or Licensor.

                           (ii) Licensor may, in its discretion, initiate any
                           proceedings with respect to any claim for actual or
                           threatened infringement or dilution of the Licensed
                           Marks. Licensee shall cooperate with Licensor in its
                           prosecution of any such claim. Licensor shall
                           reimburse Licensee for Licensee's reasonable costs
                           and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees)
                           incurred in the course of its cooperation or any such
                           proceedings. Licensor shall be entitled to the
                           entirety of any monetary award resulting from any
                           claim prosecuted by Licensor. In the event that
                           Licensor fails to initiate any proceeding with
                           respect to any actual or threatened infringement or
                           dilution of the Licensed Marks within ninety (90)
                           days of Licensor becoming aware of such actual or
                           threatened infringement or dilution,


                                       6
<PAGE>

                           Licensee, may, in its discretion, initiate any
                           proceedings with respect to any such claim in its
                           name and/or the name of Licensor. Licensor shall
                           cooperate with Licensee in its prosecution of any
                           such claim. Licensee shall reimburse Licensor for
                           Licensor's reasonable costs and expenses (including
                           reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred in the course of
                           its cooperation or any such proceedings. Licensee
                           shall be entitled to the entirety of any monetary
                           award resulting from any claim prosecuted by
                           Licensee.

         5.6      Maintenance. Licensor shall maintain its trademark
                  registration in its sole discretion and Licensor shall not be
                  obligated to maintain any federal or state registrations for
                  the Licensed Marks. Licensee will cooperate with Licensor as
                  reasonably requested by Licensor and will provide examples of
                  Licensee's use of the Licensed Marks upon Licensor's
                  reasonable request. Once every six months, at a time
                  designated by Licensor, Licensee will provide to Licensor
                  specimens evidencing Licensee's continuing use of each of
                  variations of the Licensed Marks.

6.  REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY AND INDEMNITY

         6.1      Representation and Warranty. Licensor and Licensee each
                  represents and warrants that it is authorized to enter into
                  this Agreement and that there is no existing agreement with
                  any third party that prevents it from granting the rights or
                  complying with its obligations under this Agreement. Licensor
                  hereby represents and warrants to Licensee that (a) Licensor
                  owns all right, title and interest in and to the Licensed
                  Marks, including, without limitation, the registrations set
                  forth in Schedule A, (b) to the best of Licensor's knowledge,
                  there are no judicial or adversarial administrative
                  proceedings pending or threatened against it involving any of
                  the Licensed Marks which: (i) challenge ownership or the
                  validity of any of the Licensed Marks, or (ii) allege that the
                  use of any of the Licensed Marks in the manner contemplated
                  hereunder infringes upon the intellectual property rights of
                  any third party, and (c) to Licensor's knowledge, no third
                  party is violating any of the Licensed Marks.

         6.2      Indemnity. Licensor shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless
                  Licensee, its affiliates and their respective officers,
                  employees directors and agents from and against any losses,
                  liabilities, claims, damages, obligations, payments, costs and
                  expenses, including, but not limited to, any amounts paid in
                  settlement thereof and reasonable attorney fees arising out of
                  or based upon a breach of Section 6.1. Licensee shall defend,
                  indemnify and hold harmless Licensor, its affiliates and their
                  respective officers, employees directors and agents from and
                  against any losses, liabilities, claims, damages, obligations,
                  payments, costs and expenses, including, but not limited to,
                  any amounts paid in settlement thereof and reasonable attorney
                  fees arising solely out of or based solely upon any third
                  party claim which asserts that Licensee's use of the Licensed
                  Marks infringes such third party's trademarks or service
                  marks, when Licensee's use is outside the scope of the license
                  granted herein.


                                       7
<PAGE>

7.  INJUNCTIVE RELIEF/DAMAGES

         7.1      Injunctive Relief. It is expressly agreed that Licensor would
                  suffer irreparable harm from a material breach by Licensee of
                  any of its covenants contained in this Agreement, and that
                  remedies other than injunctive relief cannot fully compensate
                  or adequately protect Licensor for such a violation.
                  Therefore, without limiting the right of Licensor to pursue
                  all other legal and equitable remedies available for violation
                  of this Agreement, in the event of actual or threatened
                  material breach by Licensee of any of the provisions of this
                  Agreement, Licensee consents that Licensor shall be entitled
                  to injunctive or other relief in order to enforce or prevent
                  any such violation or continuing violation thereof. Licensee
                  agrees not to raise the defense of an adequate remedy at law
                  in any such proceeding. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that
                  the provisions of this paragraph are reasonably necessary and
                  commensurate with the need to protect Licensor against
                  irreparable harm and to protect its legitimate and proprietary
                  business interests and property.

         7.2      Damages. except for damages payable by licensee OR LICENSOR to
                  third parties for which EITHER PARTY is required to indemnify
                  THE OTHER hereunder, Neither Party shall be liable for
                  special, indirect, incidental, punitive, consequential or any
                  similar damages (including, without limitation, damages for
                  loss of business profits, business interruption or any other
                  loss), whether or not caused by or resulting from the
                  negligence of such Party even if such Party has been advised
                  of the possibility of such damages.

8.  MISCELLANEOUS

         8.1      Notices. All notices, requests, demands, claims, and other
                  communications hereunder will be in writing. Any notice,
                  request, demand, claim, or other communication hereunder shall
                  be deemed duly given two (2) business days after it is sent,
                  if it is sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt
                  requested, postage prepaid, and addressed to the intended
                  recipient as set forth below:

                  If to Licensor:

                  Great American Insurance Company
                  580 Walnut Street
                  Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
                  Attn: General Counsel

                  If to Licensee:

                  Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation
                  2204 Lakeshore Drive
                  Birmingham, Alabama 35209



                                       8
<PAGE>

                  Attn: General Counsel

                  Any Party may send any notice, request, demand, claim, or
                  other communication hereunder to the intended recipient at the
                  address set forth above using any other means (including
                  personal delivery, expedited courier, messenger service,
                  telecopy, telex, ordinary mail, or electronic mail), but no
                  such notice, request, demand, claim, or other communication
                  shall be deemed to have been duly given unless and until it
                  actually is received by the intended recipient. Any Party may
                  change the address to which notices, requests, demands,
                  claims, and other communications hereunder are to be delivered
                  by giving the other Parties notice in the manner herein set
                  forth.

         8.2      Independent Contractors. It is understood that the
                  relationship between the Parties shall be that of independent
                  contractors, that neither Party shall have any right or power
                  to obligate, bind, or commit the other to any expense,
                  liability, or matter other than as expressly provided and
                  authorized in this Agreement, and that the officers,
                  employees, and agents or other representatives of one Party
                  shall not be deemed expressly or impliedly the employees,
                  partners, joint ventures or agents of the other.

         8.3      Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one (1) or
                  more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
                  but all of which together will constitute one and the same
                  instrument.

         8.4      Election of Remedies. The remedies provided herein are not
                  exclusive of any other lawful remedies which may be available,
                  and a Party's election of a remedy shall not constitute an
                  exclusive election of remedies.

         8.5      Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and
                  construed and enforced in accordance with the internal
                  substantive laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to
                  conflicts of laws principles.

         8.6      Further Assurances and Cooperation. Each Party agrees to
                  execute and deliver to the other Party such other instruments,
                  documents, and statements, including without limitation,
                  instruments and documents of recordation, assignment,
                  transfer, conveyance, and clarification and take such other
                  action as may be reasonably necessary or convenient in the
                  reasonable discretion of the requesting Party to carry out
                  more effectively the purposes of this Agreement.

         8.7      Interpretation and Construction. The section and paragraph
                  titles are intended solely for convenience and shall not
                  affect the construction or interpretation of any of the
                  provisions of this Agreement. The Parties have participated
                  jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In
                  the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation
                  arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted
                  jointly by the Parties, at arm's length and with the advice
                  and participation of counsel, and no presumption or burden of
                  proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue
                  of the authorship of any of the provisions of this


                                       9
<PAGE>

                  Agreement. Any reference to any federal, state, local, or
                  foreign statute or law shall be deemed also to refer to all
                  rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the
                  context requires otherwise. The word "including" shall mean
                  including without limitation.

         8.8      Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including Schedule A
                  incorporated herein) along with the Formation and Separation
                  Agreement, Services Agreement, Servicing Agreement for Direct
                  Business and Reinsurance Agreement constitutes the entire
                  agreement among the Parties and (except with respect to the
                  Formation and Separation Agreement, Services Agreement and
                  Reinsurance Agreement) supersedes any prior understandings,
                  agreements, or representations by or among the Parties,
                  written or oral, to the extent they have related in any way to
                  the subject matter hereof. Neither Party, nor any shareholder,
                  officer or director thereof, has made or shall be deemed to
                  have made to the other, or to any affiliate thereof, any
                  representation or warranty with respect to the subject matter
                  of this Agreement except as expressly set forth in this
                  Agreement.

         8.9      Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is
                  invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction
                  shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the
                  remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity or
                  enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other
                  situation or in any other jurisdiction.

         8.10     Survival of Rights and Obligations. Sections 1.2, 4.3, 5.1,
                  5.2, 5.3, 6.2, 7 and 8 of this Agreement shall survive the
                  termination of this Agreement.

         8.11     Amendment and Waiver. No amendment of any provision of this
                  Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing
                  and signed by both of the Parties. No waiver by any Party of
                  any default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or
                  covenant hereunder, whether intentional or not, shall be
                  deemed to extend to any prior or subsequent default,
                  misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder
                  or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any prior
                  or subsequent such occurrence. Neither the failure nor any
                  delay by any Party in exercising any right, power or privilege
                  under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of any right,
                  power or privilege under this Agreement. In addition, no
                  notice to or demand on one Party will be deemed a waiver or
                  any obligation of such Party or of the right of the Party
                  giving such notice or demand to take further actions without
                  notice or demand as provided in this Agreement.

         8.12     Assignment. This Agreement and Licensee's rights hereunder may
                  be assigned by Licensee only upon the prior written consent
                  from Licensor, which consent may be given or withheld in the
                  sole discretion of Licensor. Any assignment of this Agreement
                  or the rights of Licensee by Licensee hereunder not in
                  compliance with this Section shall be void ab initio and of no
                  legal effect.

                  [Remainder of this page intentionally blank. Signature page to
                  follow.]


                                       10
<PAGE>




         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the following signatures represent that the Parties
have read this Agreement in its entirety, including the incorporated and
attached Schedule, and by their execution below have agreed to all its terms and
conditions.

LICENSOR:                                       LICENSEE:
GREAT AMERICAN INSURANCE                        INFINITY PROPERTY AND
COMPANY                                         CASUALTY CORPORATION

By:     /s/ Eve Cutler Rosen                    By:     /s/ Samuel J. Simon
   ----------------------------                    ----------------------------
Printed: Eve Cutler Rosen                       Printed: Samuel J. Simon
Title: Vice President, General                  Title: Senior Vice President,
       Counsel and Assistant                           General Counsel and
       Secretary                                       Secretary



<PAGE>




                                LICENSE AGREEMENT
                                   SCHEDULE A

                                 Licensed Marks

GREAT AMERICAN MARKS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Trademark                                    Reg./Serial No.        Reg./Filing Date         Status
---------                                    ---------------        ----------------         ------
<S>                                          <C>                    <C>                     <C>
Great American                               1,226,885              02-08-1983               Registered
Great American & Design                      2,419,899              01-09-2001               Registered
Great American Insurance Companies           1,586,084              03-06-1990               Registered
Great American Insurance Companies & Design  2,435,758              03-13-2001               Registered
Great American Insurance Group               2,644,054              10-29-2002               Registered
Great American Insurance Group & Design     76/176,179              12-05-2000               Pending
Great American Driverclub & Design           2,499,142              10-16-2001               Registered
Great Additions                              1,829,010              03-29-1994               Registered
Great Choices                                2,098,884              09-23-1997               Registered
Great Drivers                                1,889,438              04-11-1995               Registered
Great Drivers Select                         2,128,658              01-13-1998               Registered
Great Places                                 1,825,958              03-08-1994               Registered
Great Quote                                  2,572,282              05-21-2002               Registered
Great Rewards                                2,648,646              11-12-2002               Registered
Design (Great American Logo)                 2,553,139              03-26-2002               Registered
Drive with Greater Confidence                2,646,523              11-05-2002               Registered
</TABLE>


PERSONAL LINES MARKS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Trademark                                    Reg./Serial No.        Reg./Filing Date         Status
---------                                    ---------------        ----------------         ------
<S>                                          <C>                    <C>                     <C>
Driverclub & Design                          2,636,426              10-15-2002               Registered
American Spirit                              1,536,767              04-25-1989               Registered
American Spirit & Design                     1,767,639              04-27-1993               Registered
</TABLE>


<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Trademark                                    Reg./Serial No.        Reg./Filing Date         Status
---------                                    ---------------        ----------------         ------
<S>                                          <C>                    <C>                     <C>
Navigator                                    1,091,962              05-23-1978               Registered
Select Driver                                1,381,776              02-04-1986               Registered
Super Additions                              1,984,729              07-02-1996               Registered
Level of Relationship                        2,258,993              07-06-1999               Registered
Gold Protection Plan                         2,430,296              02-20-2001               Registered
The Safe Driver Network                      1,647,652              06-11-1991               Registered
Your Driving Partner                         76/012,022             03-29-2000               Pending
Steering Column                              2,599,728              07-23-2002               Registered
Transmission                                 76/437,549             08-02-2002               Pending
A Relationship that Pays                     2,517,383              12-11-2001               Registered
</TABLE>




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
