<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex101.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LOAN AGREEMENT AMONG GECC
<TEXT>

                                                               Loan No. 70004093



                                 LOAN AGREEMENT


                                      AMONG

                      GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION,
                              as Agent and a Lender

                                       AND

              THE OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS WHO ARE OR HEREAFTER
                        BECOME PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT
                                   as Lenders

                                       AND

                                 OHI ASSET, LLC
                              OHI ASSET (FL), LLC,
                               OHI ASSET (IN), LLC
                               OHI ASSET (LA), LLC
                               OHI ASSET (TX), LLC
                               OHI ASSET (ID), LLC
                             OHI ASSET (MI/NC), LLC
                               OHI ASSET (OH), LLC
                               OHI ASSET (MO), LLC
                               OHI ASSET (CA), LLC
                             DELTA INVESTORS I, LLC
                             DELTA INVESTORS II, LLC
                                NRS VENTURES, LLC
                              OHI (ILLINOIS), INC.
                               OHI (INDIANA), INC.
                           STERLING ACQUISITION CORP.

                                  as Borrowers


                            DATED AS OF JUNE 23, 2003



                                  $225,000,000
                              OMEGA LOAN PORTFOLIO

<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS



RECITALS.....................................................................1

ARTICLE I The Loan...........................................................2

ARTICLE II Security..........................................................12

ARTICLE III Conditions Precedent.............................................13

ARTICLE IV Representations and Warranties....................................18

ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants..............................................28

ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants................................................37

ARTICLE VII Events of Default; Acceleration of Indebtedness; Remedies........39

ARTICLE VIII Assignment and Participation....................................42

ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous.....................................................57


<PAGE>

                                List of Exhibits


Exhibit A                 Property Locations and Borrower Interests
Exhibit B                 Letters of Credit

Exhibit 1.1.1(a)          Form of Term Note
Exhibit 1.1.1(b)          Term Loan Commitments
Exhibit 1.1.2(a)          Form of Revolving Note
Exhibit 1.1.2(b)          Revolving Loan Commitments
Exhibit 1.1.3(a)          Form of Swing Line Note
Exhibit 1.1.3(b)          Swing Line Commitment
Exhibit 1.4.2             Principal Payments Amortization Schedule
Exhibit 3.4               Title Policy Exceptions
Exhibit 3.7               Leases and Lease Collateral
Exhibit 3.8               Insurance Certificates
Exhibit 4.9               Flood Hazard Properties
Exhibit 4.12              Litigation
Exhibit 4.20              Security Deposits
Exhibit 4.23              Interest Holder Certification and Agreement
Exhibit 4.26              Taxes
Exhibit 4.27              ERISA Matters
Exhibit 4.28              Intellectual Property
Exhibit 4.29              Deposits and Accounts
Exhibit 4.30              Compliance with Healthcare Laws
Exhibit 5.3.1             Form of Compliance Certificate
Exhibit 5.7.1             Form of Lockbox Agreement
Exhibit 6.1.5(a)          Sun Lease Projects and Rents
Exhibit 6.1.5(b)          Form of Lease for New Sun Lease Tenants


SCHEDULE I  Index of Defined Terms

(Omega Healthcare  Investors,  Inc. undertakes to supplementally  furnish to the
Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of omitted attachments to this exhibit
upon request).

<PAGE>

                                                               Loan No. 70004093

                                 LOAN AGREEMENT


     THIS LOAN AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is dated as of the 23rd day of June,
2003 by and among (a) OHI ASSET,  LLC, OHI ASSET (FL), LLC, OHI ASSET (IN), LLC,
OHI ASSET  (LA),  LLC,  OHI ASSET (TX),  LLC,  OHI ASSET  (ID),  LLC,  OHI ASSET
(MI/NC),  LLC, OHI ASSET (OH),  LLC, OHI ASSET (MO),  LLC, OHI ASSET (CA),  LLC,
DELTA  INVESTORS  I, LLC,  DELTA  INVESTORS  II, LLC,  NRS  VENTURES,  LLC,  OHI
(ILLINOIS),   INC.,  OHI  (INDIANA),   INC.  and  STERLING   ACQUISITION   CORP.
(collectively,  "Borrowers"  and  each,  individually,  a  "Borrower"),  (b) the
financial  institutions who are or hereafter become parties to this Agreement as
Lenders and (c) GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (in
its individual capacity, "GECC"), as Agent and a Lender.

                                    RECITALS

     A.  Borrowers  have  requested  that Lenders (as defined below) extend term
loan and revolving loan facilities to Borrowers of up to Two Hundred Twenty-Five
Million Dollars  ($225,000,000.00) in the aggregate (collectively,  the "Loan"),
subject to the terms and  conditions  contained in this  Agreement and the other
Loan  Documents (as defined  below).  The Loan is comprised of the Term Loan and
the Revolving  Loan (each as defined in Section 1.1 below).  The Loan is further
evidenced  by the Term  Notes,  Revolving  Notes and Swing Line  Notes  (each as
defined in Section 1.1 below).

     B. As set forth on Exhibit A hereto, a Borrower is either the owner, ground
lessee,  ground  sublessee  or first  mortgagee  with respect to each of the 121
skilled  nursing  facilities,  mentally  retarded and  developmentally  disabled
facilities,  rehab  hospitals,  long term acute care facilities and intermediate
care  facilities  for the  mentally  disabled  (collectively,  the "Health  Care
Facilities"), as more particularly described on such Exhibit. The Title Policies
(as defined in Section 3.4 below) contain the legal  descriptions of the land on
which each of the Health Care  Facilities  is located  (collectively  called the
"Properties"  and each  individually  called  a  "Property").  The  improvements
located on such  Properties  are  collectively  called the  "Improvements".  The
Properties  and  the   Improvements  are  sometimes   collectively   called  the
"Projects",  and a single Property and its  Improvements  are sometimes called a
"Project".   Those  Properties  owned  by  a  Borrower  are  called  the  "Owned
Properties";  those  Properties  ground  leased or  subleased  by a Borrower are
called the "Ground Leased  Properties" and the ground leases or ground subleases
with respect  thereto are called the "Ground  Leases";  and those  Properties on
which  a  Borrower  holds a first  mortgage  are  called  the  "Omega  Mortgaged
Properties".   The  Owned  Properties  and  the  Ground  Leased  Properties  are
collectively called the "Omega Leased Properties."

     C.  Borrowers  will  use  the  proceeds  of the  Loan  for the  purpose  of
refinancing the Projects,  for other general corporate purposes and as described
in subsection 1.1.2(c) below.

     D.  Borrowers'  obligations  under the Loan will be secured by, among other
things,  (a) a  first  priority  Mortgage,  Assignment  of  Rents  and  Security
Agreement (or a document of similar title) of even date herewith  (collectively,
the "Mortgages") encumbering each Owned Property, (b) a first priority Leasehold
Mortgage,  Assignment of Rents and Security  Agreement (or a document of similar
title)  of  even  date  herewith   (collectively,   the  "Leasehold  Mortgages")
encumbering each Ground Leased Property,  (c) a Pledge and Collateral Assignment
of Loans  with  respect  to each  Omega  Mortgaged  Property  and the Omega Loan
Documents (as defined in subsection 5.7.2 below) (collectively, the "Assignments
of  Loan  Documents"),  (d)  the  Pledge  (as  defined  in  Section  3.1  below)
encumbering  one  hundred  percent  (100%) of the  ownership  interests  in each
Borrower,  and (e) the Assignments of Leases (if any) (as defined in Section 3.1
below). This Agreement,  the Notes, the Mortgages,  the Leasehold Mortgages, the
Assignments of Loan  Documents,  the Guaranty (as defined in Section 3.1 below),
the Environmental  Indemnity (as defined in Section 3.1 below),  the Pledge, the
Assignments  of Leases (if any) and any other  documents  evidencing or securing
the Loan or executed in connection therewith or herewith, and any modifications,
renewals, extensions and amendments thereof, are referred to herein collectively
as the "Loan Documents."

     E. "Agent"  means GECC in its capacity as agent for the Lenders  under this
Agreement  and  each of the  other  Loan  Documents  and any  successor  in such
capacity  appointed  pursuant to Section 8.2 below.  "Lender" or "Lenders" means
GECC  in its  individual  capacity  and its  successors  and  permitted  assigns
pursuant to Section 8.1 below and any other financial  institution  which is now
or hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement as a Lender.

     F. An index of  defined  terms in this  Agreement  appears  on  Schedule  I
hereto.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual conditions
and agreements contained herein, the parties agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I
                                    The Loan

     1.1. Disbursements.

     1.1.1. Term Loan.

     (a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof,  each Lender agrees to make
a term loan  (collectively,  the "Term  Loan") on the  Closing  Date (as defined
below)  to  Borrowers  in  the  amount  of the  applicable  Lender's  Term  Loan
Commitment  (as  defined  below).  Each such Term Loan shall be  evidenced  by a
promissory note in the form of Exhibit 1.1.1(a) hereto (each, a "Term Note" and,
collectively,  the "Term Notes"),  and all Borrowers  shall jointly  execute and
deliver each Term Note to the applicable Lender.  Each Term Note shall represent
the obligation of Borrowers to pay each Lender's Term Loan Commitment,  together
with interest thereon.  The aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan advanced
to Borrowers shall be the primary obligation of Borrowers jointly and severally.
"Closing Date" means the date of disbursement of the Term Loan.

     (b) "Term Loan  Commitment"  means (a) as to any Lender,  the commitment of
such Lender to make its Pro Rata Share (as defined in subsection 8.1.1 below) of
the Term  Loan,  as set  forth on  Exhibit  1.1.1(b)  hereto,  and (b) as to all
Lenders,  the aggregate  commitment of all Lenders to make the Term Loan,  which
aggregate   commitment  shall  be  One  Hundred   Twenty-Five   Million  Dollars
($125,000,000.00)  on the Closing  Date.  After  advancing  the Term Loan,  each
reference to a Lender's  Term Loan  Commitment  shall refer to that Lender's Pro
Rata Share of the outstanding Term Loan.

     (c) Each payment of  principal  with respect to the Term Loan shall be paid
to Agent for the benefit of each Lender,  ratably in proportion to each Lender's
respective Term Loan Commitment.

     1.1.2. Revolving Loan.

     (a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof,  each Lender agrees to make
available  to  Borrowers  on the  Closing  Date and from time to time during the
Borrowing  Period  (as  defined  below)  advances  (each,  a  "Revolving  Credit
Advance") in an amount not to exceed such Lender's Revolving Loan Commitment (as
defined below).  Borrowers shall execute and deliver to each Lender a promissory
note to evidence the Revolving Loan  Commitment of that Lender.  Each promissory
note shall be in the principal  amount of the Revolving  Loan  Commitment of the
applicable  Lender,  and in  the  form  of  Exhibit  1.1.2(a)  hereto  (each,  a
"Revolving Note" and, collectively,  the "Revolving Notes"). Each Revolving Note
shall  represent the obligation of Borrowers to pay the amount of the applicable
Lender's  Revolving  Loan  Commitment,   together  with  interest  thereon.  The
aggregate  principal amount of the Revolving Loan advanced to Borrowers shall be
the primary obligation of Borrowers jointly and severally.

     (b) "Revolving Loan Commitment"  means (a) as to any Lender,  the aggregate
commitment of such Lender to make  Revolving  Credit  Advances,  as set forth on
Exhibit 1.1.2(b) hereto and (b) as to all Lenders,  the aggregate  commitment of
all Lenders to make Revolving Credit Advances,  which aggregate commitment shall
be One Hundred Million Dollars  ($100,000,000.00)  (such aggregate commitment is
also referred to as the "Revolving Loan") on the Closing Date.

     (c) During the two (2) year  period  commencing  on the  Closing  Date (the
"Borrowing Period"),  and so long as no (i) Event of Default of any nature, (ii)
Potential  Default (as defined in Section 7.1 below), or (iii) default under any
of the covenants set forth in Section 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4 or 6.5 of the Guaranty,
shall have occurred and be continuing,  Borrowers shall have the right to borrow
an amount up to the full  amount of the  Revolving  Loan on a  revolving  basis,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth below;  provided,  Lenders are not
obligated to make Revolving  Credit  Advances at any time which would exceed the
then  Borrowing  Availability  (as defined in subsection  1.1.2(e)  below).  The
Revolving  Loan may be repaid by Borrowers  in full or in part at any time,  and
any amounts repaid by Borrowers may be reborrowed,  subject to the terms of this
subsection  1.1.2.  After the  Borrowing  Period,  Borrowers  may not  borrow or
reborrow  additional  amounts under this subsection  1.1.2.  The proceeds of the
Revolving Loan may be used by Borrowers for general working capital  purposes of
Guarantor  and its  Affiliates,  to repay  debt or  letters  of credit or to pay
shareholder  dividends.  Any other proposed uses,  including without limitation,
acquisitions of properties,  are subject to Agent's prior written consent, which
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

     (d) Borrowers  shall provide Agent with a written draw request at least two
(2) Business  Days prior to the proposed  draw date.  Each draw request shall be
irrevocable  and shall state the  proposed  draw date and the amount of the draw
(which shall not be less than $500,000).  During the Borrowing Period, Borrowers
may borrow  funds  under the  Revolving  Loan at any time and from time to time.
Borrowers  shall pay Agent,  for the benefit of Lenders in accordance with their
respective Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loan Commitments, a quarterly non-use
fee equal to  three-eighths  percent  (0.375%) (per annum,  based upon a 360-day
year) of the portion of the  Revolving  Loan that would then be  available to be
borrowed or reborrowed  (so long as no (i) Event of Default of any nature,  (ii)
Potential  Default,  or (iii)  default  under any of the  covenants set forth in
Section 6.1, 6.2,  6.3, 6.4 or 6.5 of the  Guaranty,  shall have occurred and be
continuing),  calculated on a daily basis.  Such non-use fee shall be payable in
arrears,  due on the fifteenth (15th) day of each calendar quarter, and computed
based upon the excess,  if any, of the Revolving Loan  Commitment over the daily
actual  aggregate  balance of the Revolving Loan and Swing Line Loan (as defined
in subsection 1.1.3(a) below) outstanding during such prior calendar quarter.

     (e) Agent is authorized  to, and at its sole  election  may,  charge to the
Revolving Loan balance on behalf of Borrowers and cause to be paid all Costs (as
defined in Section 9.1 below) and interest and  principal,  other than principal
of the Revolving  Loan,  owing by Borrowers  under this  Agreement or any of the
other Loan Documents if and to the extent  Borrowers have failed to pay any such
amounts as and when due, including after any applicable grace periods, up to the
amount of Borrowing  Availability  (as defined  below) at such time.  At Agent's
option and to the extent  permitted by law, any charges so made shall constitute
part  of the  Revolving  Loan  hereunder.  "Borrowing  Availability"  means  the
aggregate  Revolving  Loan  Commitment  of  all  Lenders,  less  the  sum of the
aggregate balance of the Revolving Loan and the Swing Line Loan then outstanding
and less the outstanding  amount of Letter of Credit  Obligations (as defined in
Exhibit B hereto).

     (f)  Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary contained in this subsection
1.1.2,  unless  and  until  all of the  industrial  revenue  bonds  and  similar
financial  instruments  referenced  on  Exhibit  3.4 hereto  (collectively,  the
"IRBs") have been paid in full or defeased and any mortgages,  deeds of trust or
other documents  securing any of the IRBs which constitute a lien against any of
the  Projects  (or  portions   thereof)  have  been  released  (and   reasonably
satisfactory  evidence thereof has been provided to Agent), Agent shall have the
right to hold back from the Revolving  Credit  Advances which Lenders  otherwise
have agreed to make hereunder an amount equal to the then aggregate  outstanding
balance of all IRBs not so paid or defeased  (or as to which there exists a lien
against any Project or portion thereof). Any amounts so held back shall still be
subject  to  the  non-use  fee   described   in   subsection   1.1.2(d)   above.
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  so long as there is no Event of  Default  then
continuing  under any of the Loan  Documents,  Borrowers shall have the right to
obtain a Revolving  Credit  Advance for the purpose of repaying or defeasing the
outstanding  balance  of all or any of the IRBs.  Furthermore,  there will be no
hold back from the Revolving Credit Advances for the outstanding balances of the
IRBs related to SunBridge  Care and Rehab of Salem,  West Virginia and SunBridge
Pine Lodge Care and Rehab,  Berkley,  West Virginia,  as the same are secured by
letters of credit and not otherwise subject to any liens securing such IRBs.

     (g)  Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary contained in this subsection
1.1.2, unless and until Borrowers have completed all of the matters set forth on
Schedule II to the Environmental  Indemnity with respect to the Project known as
Nodaway Nursing Home located in Maryville, Missouri (and reasonably satisfactory
evidence thereof has been provided to Agent), Agent shall have the right to hold
back from the Revolving  Credit Advances which Lenders  otherwise have agreed to
make hereunder an amount equal to One Hundred  Thousand  Dollars  ($100,000.00).
Any amounts so held back shall still be subject to the non-use fee  described in
subsection 1.1.2(d) above.

     1.1.3. Swing Line Facility.

     (a) Agent  shall  notify the Swing  Line  Lender (as  defined  below)  upon
Agent's receipt of any notice of a requested  Revolving Credit Advance.  Subject
to  the  terms  and  conditions  hereof,  the  Swing  Line  Lender  may,  in its
discretion,  make  available  from  time to time  during  the  Borrowing  Period
advances (each, a "Swing Line Advance") in accordance with any such notice.  The
provisions  of this  subsection  1.1.3(a)  shall not  relieve  Lenders  of their
obligations to make Revolving  Credit  Advances  under  subsection  1.1.2 above;
provided,  that if the Swing Line Lender makes a Swing Line Advance  pursuant to
any such  notice,  such Swing  Line  Advance  shall be in lieu of any  Revolving
Credit  Advance that  otherwise may be made by Lenders  pursuant to such notice.
Borrowers  shall execute and deliver to the Swing Line Lender a promissory  note
to evidence  the Swing Line  Commitment.  Each  promissory  note shall be in the
principal  amount of the Swing Line Commitment of the Swing Line Lender,  and in
the  form  of  Exhibit   1.1.3(a)   hereto  (each,  a  "Swing  Line  Note"  and,
collectively,  the "Swing Line Notes"). Each Swing Line Note shall represent the
obligation  of Borrowers to pay the amount of the Swing Line  Commitment  or, if
less, the aggregate  unpaid  principal amount of all Swing Line Advances made to
Borrowers,  together with interest thereon. "Swing Line Lender" shall mean GECC.
"Swing Line Loan" means the aggregate amount of Swing Line Advances  outstanding
to Borrowers at any time.

     (b) The  aggregate  amount of Swing  Line  Advances  outstanding  shall not
exceed  at any time the  lesser of (i) the Swing  Line  Commitment  and (ii) the
Revolving Loan Commitment less the outstanding  balance of the Revolving Loan at
such  time  and less  the  then  outstanding  amount  of all  Letter  of  Credit
Obligations ("Swing Line Availability").  During the Borrowing Period, Borrowers
may from  time to time  borrow,  repay  and  reborrow  in  accordance  with this
subsection  1.1.3.  Each Swing Line Advance  shall be made pursuant to a written
request in accordance with subsection 1.1.2(d). Unless the Swing Line Lender has
received at least one Business Day's prior written notice from Requisite Lenders
instructing it not to make a Swing Line Advance,  the Swing Line Lender shall be
entitled to fund that Swing Line Advance, and to have each Lender make Revolving
Credit  Advances  in  accordance  with  subsection  1.1.3(c)  below or  purchase
participating  interests in  accordance  with  subsection  1.1.3(d)  below.  The
aggregate  outstanding  principal amount of any Swing Line Loan shall be paid by
converting  such Swing Line Loan to a Revolving  Loan.  "Swing Line  Commitment"
means the commitment of the Swing Line Lender to make Swing Line Advances as set
forth on Exhibit 1.1.3(b) hereto, which commitment constitutes a sub-facility of
the Revolving Loan Commitment of the Swing Line Lender.

     (c) The Swing  Line  Lender,  at any time and from time to time in its sole
and  absolute  discretion,  may on behalf of  Borrowers  (and  Borrowers  hereby
irrevocably  authorize the Swing Line Lender to so act on their behalf)  request
each Lender (including the Swing Line Lender) to make a Revolving Credit Advance
to Borrowers in an amount equal to that Lender's Pro Rata Share of the principal
amount of the  Borrower's  Swing  Line Loan (the  "Refunded  Swing  Line  Loan")
outstanding  on the date  such  notice is given.  Unless an event  described  in
subsection  7.1(d)  below has  occurred  and is  continuing  (in which event the
procedures of subsection  1.1.3(d)  below shall apply) and regardless of whether
the  conditions  precedent  set  forth  in this  Agreement  to the  making  of a
Revolving Credit Advance are then satisfied, each Lender shall disburse directly
to Agent its Pro Rata Share of a Revolving Credit Advance on behalf of the Swing
Line Lender prior to 2:00 p.m. (New York time) in immediately available funds on
the Business Day next succeeding the date that notice is given.  The proceeds of
those  Revolving  Credit  Advances shall be  immediately  paid to the Swing Line
Lender and applied to repay the Refunded Swing Line Loan of Borrowers.

     (d) If,  prior to  refunding  a Swing  Line  Loan with a  Revolving  Credit
Advance,  an event  described  in  subsection  7.1(d)  below has occurred and is
continuing,  then, subject to the provisions of subsection  1.1.3(e) below, each
Lender shall,  on the date such  Revolving  Credit Advance was to have been made
for the benefit of  Borrowers,  purchase from the Swing Line Lender an undivided
participation interest in the Swing Line Loan to Borrowers in an amount equal to
its Pro Rata Share of such Swing Line Loan.  Upon  request,  each  Lender  shall
promptly transfer to the Swing Line Lender, in immediately  available funds, the
amount of its participation interest.

     (e)  Each  Lender's   obligation  to  make  Revolving  Credit  Advances  in
accordance  with  subsection  1.1.3(c)  above  and  to  purchase   participation
interests in accordance  with  subsection  1.1.3(d)  above shall be absolute and
unconditional and shall not be affected by any  circumstance,  including (i) any
setoff,  counterclaim,  recoupment,  defense or other right that such Lender may
have  against the Swing Line  Lender,  any  Borrower or any other Person for any
reason whatsoever; (ii) the occurrence or continuance of any default or Event of
Default; (iii) any inability of any Borrower to satisfy the conditions precedent
to  borrowing  set  forth in this  Agreement  at any  time;  or (iv)  any  other
circumstance,  happening or event  whatsoever,  whether or not similar to any of
the foregoing.  If any Lender does not make available to Agent or the Swing Line
Lender, as applicable,  the amount required pursuant to subsections  1.1.3(c) or
(d) above,  as the case may be,  the Swing  Line  Lender  shall be  entitled  to
recover such amount on demand from such Lender,  together with interest  thereon
for each day from the date of  non-payment  until such amount is paid in full at
the Federal  Funds Rate for the first two (2) Business  Days and at the Interest
Rate thereafter.

     1.1.4. Reliance on Notices. Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall
be fully protected in relying upon, any notice of a requested  Revolving  Credit
Advance reasonably  believed by Agent to be genuine.  Agent may assume that each
Person  executing  and  delivering  any notice in  accordance  herewith was duly
authorized,  unless the  responsible  individual  acting  thereon  for Agent has
actual knowledge to the contrary.  Each Borrower hereby designates  Guarantor as
its exclusive representative ("Borrower Representative") and agent on its behalf
for the purposes of issuing notices of requests for Revolving  Credit  Advances,
giving  instructions  with  respect to the  disbursement  of the proceeds of the
Loan, giving and receiving all other notices and consents hereunder or under any
of the other Loan  Documents and taking all other actions  (including in respect
of compliance  with  covenants) on behalf of Borrowers under the Loan Documents.
The  individuals  described  in  Section  4.33  below,  as  well  as  any  other
individuals  designated  from time to time in a written notice from Guarantor to
Agent,  are the  only  authorized  persons  who may act on  behalf  of  Borrower
Representative.   Agent  and  each   Lender  may  regard  any  notice  or  other
communication  pursuant to any Loan Document from the individuals  designated by
Borrower Representative as a notice or communication from all Borrowers, and may
give any  notice  or  communication  required  or  permitted  to be given to any
Borrower hereunder to Borrower  Representative on behalf of such Borrower.  Each
Borrower  agrees  that  each  notice,  election,  representation  and  warranty,
covenant,   agreement   and   undertaking   made  on  its  behalf  by   Borrower
Representative  shall be  deemed  for all  purposes  to have  been  made by such
Borrower and shall be binding upon and enforceable  against such Borrower to the
same extent as if the same had been made directly by such Borrower.

     1.1.5. Receipt of Payments.  Borrowers shall make each payment described in
this  Agreement not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on the day when due in
immediately  available  funds.  All  payments  shall be deemed  received  on the
Business Day on which immediately available funds therefor are received by Agent
at or prior to 11:00 a.m. New York time,  in the manner for payment set forth in
the Notes.  Payments received after 11:00 a.m. New York time on any Business Day
or on a day that is not a Business Day shall be deemed to have been  received on
the following Business Day.

     1.1.6.  Lenders'  Obligations Are Several,  Not Joint.  Notwithstanding any
other  provision of this Article I to the contrary,  each Lender's  agreement to
make  disbursements  of the Loan under this Agreement shall be several,  and not
joint,  and in the  amount of their  respective  Pro Rata Share of the amount of
such disbursement.

     1.1.7. Notes. The Term Notes, the Revolving Notes and the Swing Line Notes,
together  with any and all  amendments  thereto and  substitutions  therefor are
hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Notes". The terms and provisions of
the Notes are hereby incorporated herein by reference in this Agreement.  In the
event of an  assignment  under  Section 8.1 below,  each  Borrower  shall,  upon
surrender  of the  assigning  Lender's  Notes,  issue new Notes to  reflect  the
interests of the  assigning  Lender and the Person to which  interests are to be
assigned.

     1.2. Loan Term.

     1.2.1.  Maturity  Date.  Both the Term Loan and the  Revolving  Loan  shall
mature on June 22, 2007 or such earlier date upon which the Loan becomes due and
payable in full, whether at maturity,  prepayment acceleration or otherwise (the
"Maturity Date").  The "Term" of the Loan shall commence on the Closing Date and
end on the Maturity Date, as it may be extended as provided below.

     1.2.2.  Extension  Option.  Borrowers  may extend the  Maturity  Date for a
period of twelve (12) months immediately  following the Maturity Date; provided,
that: (a) Borrowers have given Agent written notice (the "Extension  Notice") of
such  extension  not less than  forty-five  (45) days nor more than one  hundred
twenty (120) days prior to the Maturity  Date; (b) Borrowers have paid or caused
to be paid to Agent  concurrently  with giving the Extension Notice an extension
fee equal to three-quarters percent (0.75%) of the outstanding principal balance
of the Loan as of the date of the Extension Notice, which extension fee shall be
non-refundable  unless the  proposed  extension is not approved by Agent for any
reason; (c) no Event of Default under any of the Loan Documents exists as of the
date of the Extension  Notice or as of the Maturity Date; (d) there has not been
a monetary  Event of Default  under any of the Loan  Documents at any time;  (e)
there  has not  been a  non-monetary  Event  of  Default  under  any of the Loan
Documents at any time which remained uncured for more than ninety (90) days; (f)
as of May 31,  2007,  the Project  Yield for the prior twelve (12) months is not
less than 25.0%;  (g) as of May 31, 2007,  the Debt Coverage Ratio for the prior
twelve (12) months  exceeds 2.00 to 1.00; (h) rent payments for the prior twelve
(12) months  from the Leases (as defined in Section 3.7 below) and debt  service
payments for the prior twelve (12) months from Omega  Mortgagors  (as defined in
subsection  5.7.2 below) under the Omega Loan Documents are not less than eighty
percent (80%) of the  underwritten  rent payments and debt service payments (but
only with respect to loans  evidenced by the Omega Loan Documents which have not
been repaid); (i) all tenants under the Leases are current with respect to their
payment  obligations  then due and  payable  under  the  Leases,  including  any
applicable  grace  periods for payment  thereof;  (j) all Omega  Mortgagors  are
current with respect to their payment obligations then due and payable under the
Omega Loan  Documents,  including  any  applicable  grace  periods  for  payment
thereof;  and (k) the  maturity  date of the  Public  Debt  (as  defined  in the
Guaranty)  (or any other  indebtedness,  the proceeds of which are used to repay
the Public Debt) has been extended to not earlier than September 30, 2008.

     "Debt Coverage Ratio" means the ratio,  as reasonably  determined by Agent,
of (i) Adjusted Net Operating Income from the Projects for a particular  period,
to (ii)  payments of interest and  principal due on the Loan for the same period
less any payments  received  pursuant to the Interest Rate Agreement (as defined
in Section 3.12 below).

     "Project Yield" for any period means the quotient, as reasonably calculated
by Agent,  of (x) the  Adjusted  Net  Operating  Income from the  Projects for a
particular  period,  divided  by (y) the  sum of the  then  current  outstanding
principal  balance of the Loan plus any  Borrowing  Availability  (if during the
Borrowing  Period),  plus all  accrued  but unpaid  interest  thereon,  plus the
outstanding amount of the Letter of Credit Obligations.

     "Adjusted Net Operating Income" means net income from the operations of the
tenants under the Leases and the Omega  Mortgagors at the Projects (on a Project
by Project  basis) over the previous  twelve (12) month  period,  calculated  in
accordance with generally  accepted  accounting  principles  consistent with the
standards  utilized by Agent in connection  with its  underwriting of this Loan,
excluding interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and management fees,
adjusted  for a five percent  (5%)  management  fee and a $400 per bed per annum
replacement  reserve,  adjusted  (upward or  downward)  by Agent in a reasonably
consistent  manner to take into account any definitive  federal or state changes
in  applicable  Medicare and Medicaid  reimbursement  rates.  Any Project with a
negative  Adjusted  Net  Operating  Income will be excluded for purposes of this
calculation.  Adjusted  Net  Operating  Income will be  reasonably  estimated by
Agent. Borrowers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Agent with
financial  information  with respect to the  operations of the tenants under the
Leases and Omega Mortgagors,  as applicable,  enforcing applicable provisions of
Leases and the Omega Loan  Documents  requiring  the delivery of such  financial
information to Borrowers.

     1.3.  Interest  Rate.  Borrowers  shall  pay  interest  on the  outstanding
principal  balance  of the Loan at a floating  rate per annum  equal to the Base
Rate plus  three and  three-quarters  percent  (3.75%)  (the  aggregate  rate is
referred to as the "Interest  Rate").  "Base Rate" shall mean the rate published
each day in The Wall  Street  Journal  for notes  maturing  one (1) month  after
issuance  under  the  caption  "Money  Rates,  London  Interbank  Offered  Rates
(LIBOR)".  The Interest Rate for each  calendar  month shall be fixed based upon
the Base Rate  published  prior to and in effect on the first (1st) Business Day
of such month;  provided,  however,  the Interest  Rate from and  including  the
Closing  Date  through  June 30, 2003 shall be fixed based upon the Base Rate in
effect on the Business Day  immediately  preceding  the Closing  Date.  Interest
shall be calculated based on a 360 day year and charged for the actual number of
days elapsed.  Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary contained herein, in no
event shall the Interest  Rate at any time be less than six percent  (6.00%) per
annum.

     1.4. Payments.

     1.4.1. Interest.  Borrowers shall make interest payments monthly in arrears
on the first (1st) day of each month  commencing  on August 1, 2003  computed on
the outstanding principal balance of the Loan at the Interest Rate.

     1.4.2.  Principal.  Commencing  on August 1, 2003,  and on the first day of
each month  thereafter  until the Maturity  Date,  Borrowers  shall make monthly
principal  amortization  payments  on the  Term  Loan  in  accordance  with  the
principal amortization schedule set forth on Exhibit 1.4.2 hereof.

     1.5. Intentionally Omitted.

     1.6.  Prepayments  of  Term  Loan.  Borrowers  may  not  prepay  any of the
outstanding  principal  balance  of the Term  Loan  prior to June 22,  2004.  If
Borrowers do prepay any of the  outstanding  principal  balance of the Term Loan
(whether  at  maturity,  acceleration  or  otherwise)  prior to June  22,  2004,
Borrowers  shall  concurrently  with each such  prepayment  pay to Agent for the
benefit of Lenders an exit fee which shall be  calculated  and assessed on a pro
rata basis,  based on the ratio of the amount of the Term Loan actually  prepaid
prior  to June  22,  2004 to the  total  Term  Loan  Commitment,  multiplied  by
$4,500,000;  in addition,  Borrowers  shall pay the amount of interest which (in
Agent's  reasonable  estimation)  would  have  accrued on the Term Loan from and
after the date of the partial or complete  prepayment  through June 22, 2004. If
Borrowers shall prepay the Term Loan on or after June 22, 2004 but prior to June
22,  2005  (whether  a  full  or  partial  prepayment),   then  Borrowers  shall
concurrently with each such prepayment, pay to Agent for the benefit of Lenders,
an exit fee which shall be calculated and assessed on a pro rata basis, based on
the ratio of the amount  actually  prepaid  during said period to the total Term
Loan Commitment, multiplied by $4,500,000.  Thereafter, Borrowers may prepay the
outstanding  principal  balance of the Term Loan in full or in part at any time;
provided,  Borrowers give Agent at least thirty (30) days prior written  notice.
The Revolving Loan is not subject to any exit fee or other  prepayment fee under
this  Section 1.6.  Any exit fee  specified  in this Section 1.6 is  hereinafter
referred to as an "Exit Fee".

     1.7. Change of Control.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in Section 1.6 above,  if a Change of Control (as defined below)  occurs,  Agent
may,  but  shall not be  obligated  to,  accelerate  the  Loan,  in which  event
Borrowers shall be obligated to repay the entire  outstanding  principal balance
of the Loan in full and, if the Change of Control occurs prior to June 22, 2005,
pay the Exit Fee due pursuant to Section 1.6 above.  So long as  Borrowers  give
Agent at least  forty-five  (45) days written notice prior to any such Change of
Control (a "Change of Control Notice"), then Agent shall give Borrowers at least
one hundred  twenty  (120) days written  notice prior to any such  acceleration,
which  notice from Agent may be given at any time after  Agent's  receipt of the
Borrowers' Change of Control Notice.

     "Change of Control"  means either (i) Guarantor  ceases to be a corporation
whose common stock is publicly traded; (ii) any Person and its affiliates own in
the aggregate  greater than fifty percent (50%) of the common stock of Guarantor
(other than Explorer Holdings,  L.P. or a Qualified Investor (as defined below);
provided,  that in the case of a Qualified  Investor,  such  Qualified  Investor
executes and delivers to Agent a guaranty of the Loan in substantially  the form
of the Guaranty and otherwise reasonably acceptable to Agent, together with such
opinions of counsel and other  documents  as Agent may  reasonably  request with
respect to such guaranty);  or (iii) Guarantor  merges or consolidates  with any
Person other than a Qualified Investor.

     "Qualified  Investor"  means  a  real  estate  investment  trust  or  other
institutional real estate investor,  in either case which has (a) a tangible net
worth equal to or greater than Guarantor's then tangible net worth, in each case
as reasonably  determined by Agent based upon such Person's and Guarantor's most
recent  consolidated  balance  sheets  prepared  in  accordance  with  generally
accepted accounting principles and consistent with the manner in which Agent has
underwritten Guarantor's tangible net worth in entering into this Agreement, and
(b) substantial  experience  owning Health Care  Facilities,  including  skilled
nursing  facilities.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing  to the  contrary,  if (x)
Guarantor merges or consolidates with a Person which is not a Qualified Investor
and Guarantor is the surviving entity, or (y) a Person and its affiliates (other
than Explorer Holdings, L.P. or a Qualified Investor) own, in aggregate, greater
than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding  common stock of Guarantor,  then in
either case it shall not constitute a Change of Control if (1) the people listed
in  clauses  (a) and (b) of  Section  4.33 below  continue  in their  respective
positions  of  management  of  Guarantor  as described in clauses (a) and (b) of
Section 4.33 until the Maturity Date; provided, however, the failure of any such
individual  to  continue  in  their  position  of  management  due to  death  or
disability  shall not  result in a Change of  Control,  and (2) if clause (y) is
applicable, said Person executes and delivers to Agent a guaranty of the Loan in
substantially  the form of the Guaranty and otherwise  reasonably  acceptable to
Agent,  together with such opinions of counsel and other  documents as Agent may
reasonably request with respect to such guaranty.

     1.8.  Letters of Credit.  Subject to and in  accordance  with the terms and
conditions  contained  herein and in Exhibit B hereto,  Borrowers shall have the
right to request,  and Lenders agree to incur,  or purchase  participations  in,
Letter of Credit Obligations of Borrowers. Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for the
benefit of Lenders, the Letter of Credit Fees as described in Exhibit B hereto.

                                   ARTICLE II
                                    Security

     2.1. Collateral.  The Loan and all other Indebtedness and obligations under
the Loan  Documents  shall be secured  by real and  personal  property  which is
subject to a security  interest or lien  granted in this  Agreement or in any of
the  following  Loan  Documents  (collectively,   the  "Collateral"):   (a)  the
Mortgages,  (b) the Leasehold Mortgages,  (c) the Assignments of Loan Documents,
(d) the Assignments of Leases,  if any, and (e) the Pledge; as well as any other
collateral  or  security  described  in  this  Agreement  or in the  other  Loan
Documents or required by Agent or Lenders in connection with the Loan.

     2.2. Substitution of Properties. During the Term of the Loan, Borrowers may
notify  Agent  in  writing  that  Borrowers  desire  to  pledge  one or more new
properties as  Collateral  for the Loan in  substitution  for one or more of the
Properties.  So long as no Event of Default  shall be  continuing  (unless  such
Event of Default shall be cured by the  substitution  of Properties as permitted
by this  Section  2.2),  Agent shall  approve  such  request  provided  that the
following conditions are satisfied in Agent's reasonable  discretion:  (a) Agent
shall have determined that each Property to be replaced has a negative  Adjusted
Net Operating  Income for at least the most recent two (2) consecutive  calendar
quarters,  (b) Agent  shall  have  approved  each new  property  proposed  to be
pledged, (c) Borrowers shall have executed and delivered such documents as Agent
shall  require in order to  evidence  that such new  property  has been added as
Collateral for the Loan, including,  without limitation, a Mortgage with respect
to each new  property,  an  amendment  to the  Loan  Documents  executed  by all
Borrowers  and Guarantor  confirming  that each new property has been added as a
Property, and opinions of counsel to Borrowers and Guarantor in forms reasonably
satisfactory  to Agent,  (d)  Borrowers  shall have  delivered  to Agent a Title
Policy,  Survey,  appraisal,  environmental  report and any other  documents  or
reports  requested by Agent with  respect to each new  property,  (e)  Borrowers
shall have paid all reasonable  Costs (defined in Section 9.1 below) incurred by
Agent and/or Lenders in connection with such substitution, and (f) the aggregate
net rental  payments due under the Leases with respect to the new properties (or
if  applicable,  the aggregate  debt service due under the Omega Loan  Documents
with respect to such new properties) are, in Agent's  reasonable  determination,
at least eighty percent (80%) of the aggregate net rental payments due under the
Leases (or if  applicable,  the aggregate  debt service due under the Omega Loan
Documents)  with respect to the  Properties  to be  replaced.  In no event shall
Borrowers  have the right to  substitute  more than ten (10)  Properties  in the
aggregate during the Term of the Loan,  including  pursuant to clause (Z) in the
last grammatical  paragraph of Section 7.1 below;  provided,  that the foregoing
shall  not  otherwise  limit  the  number  of  Properties  that  can be added as
Collateral  pursuant to Section 2.3 below or clause (Y) in the last  grammatical
paragraph  of Section  7.1  below.  Following  any  substitution  of  Properties
pursuant to this Section 2.2, Agent shall provide written notice thereof to each
of the Lenders.

     2.3. Optional Additional Collateral. During the Term of the Loan, Borrowers
may  notify  Agent in  writing  that  Borrowers  desire  to  pledge  one or more
additional properties as Collateral for the Loan. So long as no Event of Default
shall  be  continuing  (unless  such  Event  of  Default  shall  be cured by the
activities  described in this  Section  2.3),  Agent shall  approve such request
provided  that the  following  conditions  are  satisfied in Agent's  reasonable
discretion:  (a) Agent  shall have  approved  each new  property  proposed to be
pledged, (b) Borrowers shall have executed and delivered such documents as Agent
shall  require in order to  evidence  that such new  property  has been added as
Collateral for the Loan, including,  without limitation, a Mortgage with respect
to each new  property,  an  amendment  to the  Loan  Documents  executed  by all
Borrowers  and Guarantor  confirming  that each new property has been added as a
Property, and opinions of counsel to Borrowers and Guarantor in forms reasonably
satisfactory  to Agent,  (c)  Borrowers  shall have  delivered  to Agent a Title
Policy,  Survey,  appraisal,  environmental  report and any other  documents  or
reports  requested by Agent with respect to each  additional  property,  and (d)
Borrowers shall have paid all reasonable  Costs incurred by Agent and/or Lenders
in connection with such addition.

     2.4.  Omega  Mortgaged  Properties.  During  the Term of the  Loan,  if any
indebtedness  with  respect to any of the Omega Loan  Documents  is repaid by an
Omega  Mortgagor,  Borrowers shall notify Agent thereof in writing prior to such
repayment and Borrowers shall,  within two (2) Business Days of receipt thereof,
deliver all proceeds of such repayment to Agent, which proceeds shall be used by
Agent towards the repayment of the Term Loan. If applicable,  in connection with
any such prepayment,  Borrowers shall pay Agent a portion of the Exit Fee as set
forth in Section 1.6 above.

     2.5.  Payments  Pursuant  to Leases.  During  the Term of the Loan,  if any
Borrower  receives  any payment  pursuant  to a Lease with  respect to any Omega
Leased Property,  whether as a result of a casualty or condemnation with respect
to such  Property or  otherwise,  or if any  Borrower  receives  proceeds of any
collateral  or applies any reserves or deposits  held by a Borrower or Guarantor
as security  for the  obligations  of a tenant  under a Lease,  Borrowers  shall
provide prompt  written  notice  thereof to Agent and,  subject to the terms and
conditions  of the  SNDAs,  Borrowers  shall,  within two (2)  Business  Days of
receipt thereof, deliver such payment, proceeds,  reserves or deposits to Agent,
which  shall  be used by Agent  towards  the  repayment  of the  Term  Loan.  If
applicable, in connection with any such prepayment,  Borrowers shall pay Agent a
portion of the Exit Fee as set forth in Section 1.6 above.

                                  ARTICLE III
                              Conditions Precedent

     Lenders'  obligation to disburse the Loan is subject to satisfaction of all
of the following conditions:

     3.1.  Loan  Documents.   Agent  shall  have  received  the  following  Loan
Documents, all in form and substance satisfactory to Agent:

     (a) this Agreement;

     (b) the Notes;

     (c) the Mortgages;

     (d) the Leasehold Mortgages;

     (e) an  Assignment  of Leases and Rents with respect to each  Property (the
"Assignments of Leases"), if required by Agent;

     (f) the  Assignments of Loan  Documents,  together with all documents which
Borrowers  are  required  to  deliver  pursuant   thereto,   including   without
limitation,  estoppel  certificates from each Omega Mortgagor in a form approved
by Agent;

     (g) such Uniform Commercial Code ("UCC") financing  statements as Agent may
require;

     (h) a Guaranty (the  "Guaranty"),  executed by Omega Healthcare  Investors,
Inc., a Maryland corporation ("Guarantor");

     (i) a Hazardous Materials Indemnity Agreement ("Environmental  Indemnity"),
executed by Borrowers and Guarantor;

     (j) an Ownership Pledge,  Assignment and Security Agreement (the "Pledge"),
executed by  Guarantor  pursuant to which  Guarantor  pledges to Agent,  for the
benefit of Lenders, all of the stock and membership interests of Borrowers;

     (k) a collateral  assignment of the Interest Rate  Agreement (as defined in
Section 3.12 below), executed by Guarantor and Merrill Lynch Derivative Products
AG ("Merrill");

     (l) a Subordination,  Non-Disturbance and Attornment  Agreement  (including
estoppel  provisions  and/or  separate  estoppel  agreements),  executed  by the
tenants under each Lease in a form  reasonably  acceptable to Agent with respect
to each Lease (collectively, the "SNDAs");

     (m) a guarantor estoppel  certificate  executed by the guarantor under each
guaranty of any Lease (the "Lease  Guaranties")  with respect to each Lease (the
"Guarantor Estoppels");

     (n) a recognition and estoppel  agreement or similar  agreement as required
by Agent  executed by each ground  lessor and ground  sublessor  with respect to
each Ground Leased  Property  (collectively,  the "Ground Lease  Estoppels") and
such  subordination,  non-disturbance  and  attornment  agreements  from  ground
lessors (as to ground  subleases) and from mortgagees of the fee interest (or if
applicable in the case of any ground subleased Property,  the ground sublessor's
interest) in any Ground Leased Property as Agent may require;

     (o) a Lockbox Account  Agreement with respect to the Lockbox (as defined in
subsection  5.7.1  below)  executed by  Borrowers,  Agent and  Lockbox  Bank (as
defined in subsection 5.7.1 below);

     (p) a Bank Agency Agreement with respect to the Deposit Account (as defined
in subsection 5.7.5 below), executed by Borrowers, Agent and Bank One;

     (q) a collateral  assignment of any collateral and documents related to the
Advocat Note (as defined in Section 3.14 below) executed by Borrowers;

     (r) a collateral  assignment of any collateral and documents related to the
Essex Note (as defined in Section 3.15 below) executed by Borrowers;

     (s) a collateral  assignment of the Lease Collateral (as defined in Section
3.16 below) executed by Borrowers and Guarantor; and

     (t) an agreement with all title insurance companies  providing  reinsurance
with respect to the Title Policies, allowing Agent, Lenders and Borrowers direct
access to any reinsurance proceeds with respect to the Title Policies.

     3.2. Intentionally Omitted.

     3.3. Appraisal. Agent shall obtain an appraisal report for each Project, in
form and content reasonably  acceptable to Agent, prepared by an independent MAI
appraiser in accordance  with the Financial  Institutions  Reform,  Recovery and
Enforcement Act ("FIRREA") and the regulations promulgated pursuant to FIRREA.

     3.4.  Title  Policies and  Endorsements.  Agent shall have  received  final
marked title commitments for title insurance at the Closing  (collectively,  the
"Title  Commitments" and individually a "Title Commitment") with respect to each
Project issued by Stewart Title  Guaranty  Company.  On the Closing Date,  Agent
shall have received a title insurance policy for each Project (collectively, the
"Title Policies" and individually,  a "Title Policy"),  reasonably acceptable to
Agent,  insuring that, except as otherwise  disclosed on Exhibit 3.4 hereto, (a)
the  lien of  each  Mortgage  is a valid  first  lien  on the  respective  Owned
Property;  (b) the lien of each Leasehold  Mortgage is a valid first lien on the
respective  Borrower's  leasehold  interest  in  the  respective  Ground  Leased
Property;  and (c) the lien of each mortgage on an Omega Mortgaged Property,  as
assigned to Agent,  is a valid first lien on such Omega Mortgaged  Property;  in
each case  subject  only to  exceptions  to title  approved by Agent.  The Title
Policies shall also contain any reinsurance and endorsements reasonably required
by Agent including,  without limitation,  creditors' rights, access, survey, tax
parcel,  environmental,  zoning 3.1 with parking,  variable  rate,  usury,  last
dollar,  first loss,  revolving loan, tie-in and extended coverage  endorsements
(Comprehensive Form 1), to the extent available. If a zoning endorsement can not
be issued in a particular  state,  Borrowers shall deliver to Agent prior to the
Closing Date a zoning letter from the applicable government authority where each
Project in such state is located,  which letter shall  confirm that there are no
zoning  violations  with  respect to such  Project and  otherwise be in form and
substance reasonably acceptable to Agent. Borrowers shall also have the right to
receive  their own title  commitments  and title  policies  with respect to each
Project at the Closing.

     3.5. Surveys.  Agent shall have received and approved an existing survey of
each Project,  prepared by a registered  land  surveyor in  accordance  with the
American  Land Title  Association/  American  Congress on Surveying  and Mapping
Standards  (collectively,  the "Surveys").  Each surveyor shall certify that the
Property is not in a flood hazard area as identified by the Secretary of Housing
and Urban Development.  Each Survey shall be sufficient for the title insurer to
remove the general survey exception with respect to that Property.

     3.6.   Environmental   Report.   Agent  shall  have   received  a  Phase  I
environmental audit of each Project.  Each audit shall be acceptable to Agent in
its sole discretion.

     3.7.  Leases.  All leases,  master  leases,  subleases,  licenses and other
agreements  with regard to the occupancy of each of the Omega Leased  Properties
to  which  any  Borrower  is a party  (other  than as a  lessee)  (collectively,
"Leases") and all Lease Guaranties shall be in form and substance  acceptable to
Agent. Agent has approved those Leases set forth on Exhibit 3.7 hereto, which is
a true,  correct and complete list of all Leases.  The tenants  thereunder shall
execute  and  deliver to Agent  prior to the  Closing or prior to the  execution
thereof by any Borrower, as applicable,  SNDAs in forms reasonably acceptable to
Agent.

     3.8.  Insurance.  Borrowers  shall have provided Agent with and Agent shall
have approved copies of certificates  evidencing the insurance policies required
to  be  maintained  by  Borrowers,  tenants  under  the  Leases  and  the  Omega
Mortgagors, which certificates are attached as Exhibit 3.8 hereto.

     3.9. Compliance with Laws.  Borrowers shall have provided Agent with copies
of all current  operating  licenses  maintained  by the Health  Care  Facilities
located at each Project.

     3.10. Intentionally Omitted.

     3.11.  Audit  Requirement.  Agent shall have  determined that the aggregate
annualized   Adjusted  Net  Operating   Income  of  the  Projects  is  at  least
$47,500,000.

     3.12. Interest Rate Cap Agreement.  Borrowers shall have delivered to Agent
a copy of the  International  Swap Dealers  Association,  Inc. Master Agreement,
dated as of September 10, 2002, and the  Confirmation  dated  September 11, 2002
and amended September 16, 2002, each executed by Guarantor and Merrill,  in form
and substance reasonably  acceptable to Agent (collectively,  the "Interest Rate
Agreement").

     3.13. Letter From Guarantor's CPA.  Guarantor shall have delivered to Agent
a  letter  from  Guarantor  to  such  independent  certified  public  accountant
authorizing  such  accountant  to  communicate  directly  with  Agent in matters
relating to the financial  statements delivered in connection with obtaining the
Loan or pursuant to this Agreement.

     3.14.  Assignment of Advocat Note. Borrowers shall have caused Guarantor to
deliver to Agent the original  Subordinated  Note  executed by Advocat,  Inc. in
favor of Guarantor,  dated November 8, 2000, in the original principal amount of
$1,700,000  (the "Advocat  Note") and Borrowers  shall have caused  Guarantor to
execute  and deliver to Agent an Allonge to the Advocat  Note.  Borrowers  shall
have caused  Guarantor  to execute and deliver to Agent a security  agreement or
other collateral  assignment  document  requested by Agent in order to pledge as
Collateral  for the Loan the Advocat Note and any  collateral  given by Advocat,
Inc. in connection  therewith.  Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  Guarantor shall
have the right, in its sole discretion,  to amend, modify,  extend or cancel the
Advocat Note,  without Agent's consent,  provided that (a) any new or additional
collateral  received by  Guarantor  in  connection  with the Advocat Note or any
modification  thereof  shall be  delivered  and  pledged to Agent as  additional
Collateral for the Loan pursuant to documents  acceptable to Agent,  and (b) any
funds  received  by a  Borrower,  Guarantor  or any  Affiliate  of a Borrower or
Guarantor  from the full or partial  repayment of the Advocat Note or such other
collateral given by Advocat, Inc. shall be immediately  transferred to Agent and
may be used by Agent towards the repayment of the Term Loan,  without  incurring
any Exit Fee under Section 1.6 above.

     3.15.  Assignment of Essex Note.  Borrowers shall have caused  Guarantor to
deliver to Agent the original Second Working Capital  Replacement  Note executed
by Essex Healthcare  Corporation in favor of Guarantor,  dated as of October 31,
2002,  in the original  principal  amount of  $3,000,000  (the "Essex Note") and
Borrowers shall have caused Guarantor to execute and deliver to Agent an Allonge
to the Essex Note.  Borrowers shall have caused Guarantor to execute and deliver
to Agent a security agreement or other collateral  assignment document requested
by Agent in order to pledge as  Collateral  for the Loan the Essex  Note and any
collateral  given to  secure  the Essex  Note.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,
Guarantor shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to amend, modify, extend
or cancel the Essex Note, without Agent's consent,  provided that (a) any new or
additional collateral received by Guarantor in connection with the Essex Note or
any  modification  thereof shall be delivered and pledged to Agent as additional
Collateral  for the Loan  pursuant to  documents  acceptable  to Agent,  and (b)
during the  continuance of any Event of Default under any of the Loan Documents,
any funds  received by a Borrower,  Guarantor or any  Affiliate of a Borrower or
Guarantor  from the full or partial  repayment  of the Essex Note or proceeds of
the collateral  given to secure the Essex Note shall be immediately  transferred
to Agent and may be used by Agent  towards the repayment of the Term Loan, or at
Agent's option,  any other  Indebtedness,  without  incurring any Exit Fee under
Section 1.6 above.

     3.16.  Lease  Collateral.  In connection  with each of the Leases,  and the
sublease of any such Leases, Borrowers shall have granted a security interest to
Agent in, and shall have delivered to Agent to the extent required or shall have
maintained  in the  Deposit  Accounts  with Bank  One,  all  collateral  for the
obligations of such tenants and subtenants,  including,  without limitation, all
security deposits and letters of credit (collectively,  the "Lease Collateral").
A true and complete  description of such Lease  Collateral  with respect to each
Lease is set forth on Exhibit 3.7 hereto.

     3.17. Additional Items. Agent shall have received such other items as Agent
may reasonably require.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                         Representations and Warranties

     As an  inducement  to Lenders to disburse the Loan,  each  Borrower  hereby
represents and warrants to Lenders and Agent as follows,  which  representations
and  warranties  shall be true as of the  date  hereof  and  shall  remain  true
throughout the Term of the Loan:

     4.1.  Borrower  Existence.  Each  Borrower is a limited  liability  company
(each,  an "LLC  Borrower") or corporation  (each, a "Corporate  Borrower") duly
formed or organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its
state of formation  and the state or states in which its  respective  Properties
are located. The principal place of business of each Borrower is at 9690 Deereco
Road,  Suite 100,  Timonium,  Maryland 21093.  The Loan Documents have each been
duly   authorized,   executed  and  delivered  and  each  constitutes  the  duly
authorized, legally valid and binding obligation of each Borrower, in accordance
with  their  respective  terms,  except as such  enforcement  may be  limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,  moratorium, or other similar
laws,  now or hereafter in effect,  relating to or affecting the  enforcement of
creditors'  rights generally and except that the remedy of specific  performance
and other equitable remedies are subject to judicial discretion.

     4.2. Intentionally Omitted.

     4.3. Borrower's Organizational Documents.

     4.3.1. LLC Borrowers.  A true and complete copy of the operating  agreement
creating each LLC Borrower and any and all amendments thereto (collectively, the
"Operating  Agreement")  have been furnished to Agent.  The Operating  Agreement
constitutes  the entire  agreement among the members of the LLC Borrowers and is
binding upon and enforceable  against each of the members in accordance with its
terms,  except as such  enforcement  may be  limited by  applicable  bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization,  moratorium, or other similar laws, now or hereafter
in effect,  relating  to or  affecting  the  enforcement  of  creditors'  rights
generally and except that the remedy of specific performance and other equitable
remedies are subject to judicial discretion. There are no other agreements, oral
or written,  among any of the members relating to each LLC Borrower.  No default
exists under the  Operating  Agreement and no condition  exists which,  with the
giving of notice or the  passage  of time or both,  would  constitute  a default
under the Operating Agreement.

     4.3.2.  Corporate  Borrowers.  A true and complete  copy of the articles of
incorporation  and by-laws of each  Corporate  Borrower  and all other  material
documents  creating and governing such  Corporate  Borrower  (collectively,  the
"Borrower  Incorporation  Documents") have been furnished to Agent. There are no
other  agreements,  oral  or  written,  among  any of the  shareholders  of each
Corporate   Borrower   relating  to  such  Corporate   Borrower.   The  Borrower
Incorporation Documents were duly executed and delivered,  are in full force and
effect, and binding upon and enforceable in accordance with their terms,  except
as  such  enforcement  may be  limited  by  applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency,
reorganization,  moratorium,  or other similar laws, now or hereafter in effect,
relating to or affecting  the  enforcement  of creditors'  rights  generally and
except that the remedy of specific  performance and other equitable remedies are
subject  to  judicial   discretion.   No  breach   exists   under  the  Borrower
Incorporation  Documents and no act has occurred and no condition  exists which,
with the giving of notice or the  passage of time or both,  would  constitute  a
breach under the Borrower Incorporation Documents.

     4.4. Intentionally Omitted.

     4.5. Other Agreements.  No Borrower is in default (with due notice or lapse
of time or both) under any  contract,  agreement or  commitment to which it is a
party,  except for any default which would not  reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on (a) the business,  operations or financial  condition
of Borrowers or the Projects,  taken as a whole, or (b) the ability of Borrowers
or Guarantor to perform their respective obligations under the Loan Documents (a
"Material  Adverse  Effect").  The execution,  delivery and compliance  with the
terms and provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents will not (i)
to each  Borrower's  knowledge,  violate the provisions of any  applicable  law,
regulation,  order or other decree of any court or governmental  entity, or (ii)
conflict or be  inconsistent  with, or result in any default (with due notice or
lapse of time or both) under, any contract, agreement or commitment to which any
Borrower is bound, except for any conflict, inconsistency or default which would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Each Borrower has
delivered to Agent copies of any material agreements  (including leases) between
such Borrower and any  Affiliate  related in any way to the use and operation of
any Project.

     4.6.  Properties.  Good and  marketable  fee  simple  title  to each  Owned
Property is owned by the applicable Borrower listed on Exhibit A hereto free and
clear  of  all  liens,   claims,   encumbrances,   covenants,   conditions   and
restrictions,  security  interests  and  claims  of  others,  except  only  such
exceptions  or matters as have been approved in writing by Agent or as set forth
in a Title Commitment or a Title Policy. A good and marketable  leasehold estate
in each Ground Leased  Property is owned by the  applicable  Borrower  listed on
Exhibit A hereto free and clear of all liens, claims,  encumbrances,  covenants,
conditions and  restrictions,  security  interests and claims of others,  except
only such  exceptions or matters as have been approved in writing by Agent or as
set forth in a Title Commitment or a Title Policy. A first mortgage lien on each
Omega Mortgaged Property is held by the applicable  Borrower listed on Exhibit A
hereto free and clear of all liens, claims, encumbrances,  covenants, conditions
and  restrictions,  security  interests  and claims of others,  except only such
exceptions  or matters as have been approved in writing by Agent or as set forth
in a Title  Commitment  or a Title  Policy.  Borrowers  may in  good  faith,  by
appropriate proceeding, contest the validity or amount of any asserted lien and,
pending such contest,  Borrowers shall not be deemed to be in default hereunder;
provided,  that if the amount of such lien or liens  exceeds the sum of $125,000
at any Project or $1,000,000 for all Borrowers in the aggregate,  then Borrowers
shall first obtain an endorsement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Agent,  to the Title  Policy  insuring  over such lien,  or  Borrowers  shall
deposit with Agent a bond or other security reasonably  satisfactory to Agent in
the amount of 150% of the  amount of such lien to assure  payment of the same as
and when due,  which bond or amount (to the extent not used to pay such lien and
related  costs) shall be returned  promptly to  Borrowers  upon payment or other
termination of the lien.

     To each Borrower's knowledge, each Project is in compliance in all material
respects with all zoning requirements,  building codes,  subdivision improvement
agreements,  and all covenants,  conditions and restrictions of record.  To each
Borrower's  knowledge,  the zoning and subdivision  approval of each Project and
the right and  ability to, use or operate  the  Improvements  are not in any way
dependent on or related to any real estate other than the  applicable  Property.
To each  Borrower's  knowledge,  there  are no,  nor are there  any  alleged  or
asserted,  material violations of any applicable laws, regulations,  ordinances,
codes, permits, licenses,  declarations,  covenants, conditions, or restrictions
of record,  or other  agreements  relating to any Project,  or any part thereof,
except as expressly set forth in a Title  Commitment or a Title Policy.  To each
Borrower's knowledge, there have been no improvements constructed on or material
modifications  to any  Property  since the date of the Survey for such  Property
delivered to Agent.

4.7. Property Access. To each Borrower's knowledge,  each Property is accessible
through fully improved and dedicated  roads accepted for  maintenance and public
use by the public  authority  having  jurisdiction,  except as  described on the
Survey for such Property delivered to Agent.

     4.8.  Utilities.  To  each  Borrower's  knowledge,   all  utility  services
necessary and  sufficient for the use or operation of each Project are available
including water, storm,  sanitary sewer, gas, electric and telephone facilities,
except as described on the Survey for such Property delivered to Agent.

     4.9. Flood Hazards/Wetlands.  Except as set forth on Exhibit 4.9 hereto, or
explicitly  set forth on the Survey for such  Property  delivered  to Agent,  no
Property is situated in an area  designated  as having  special flood hazards as
defined  by the Flood  Disaster  Protection  Act of 1973,  as  amended,  or as a
wetlands by any governmental entity having jurisdiction over the Property.

     4.10. Taxes/Assessments.  There are no unpaid or outstanding real estate or
other taxes,  assessments,  impositions  or other charges or  obligations  on or
against any Project or any part  thereof,  except  general real estate taxes not
yet due or payable and except for any such  matters  which are insured over on a
Title Commitment or Title Policy at Closing (collectively, "Charges"). Copies of
the current general real estate tax bills with respect to each Project have been
delivered to Agent.  Said bills cover the entire  applicable  Project and do not
cover or apply to any other property. To each Borrower's knowledge,  there is no
pending or contemplated  action pursuant to which any special  assessment may be
levied  against any portion of the  Project.  Borrowers  shall have the right to
contest, in good faith by appropriate proceedings, the amount or validity of any
Charges,  so long as: (a) Borrowers  have given prior written notice to Agent of
Borrowers' intent to so contest or object to any such Charges;  (b) such contest
stays the enforcement or collection of the Charges or any lien created;  and (c)
if the amount of such Charges exceeds the sum of $250,000,  then Borrowers shall
have obtained an endorsement,  in form and substance reasonably  satisfactory to
Agent,  to the Title Policy  insuring over any such Charges,  or Borrowers shall
have deposited with Agent a bond or other security  reasonably  satisfactory  to
Agent in the amount of 125% of the amount of such  Charges to assure  payment of
the same as and when due,  which  bond or amount  (to the extent not used to pay
such  Charges and related  costs) shall be promptly  returned to Borrowers  upon
payment or other termination of the Charges.

     4.11. Eminent Domain. There is no eminent domain or condemnation proceeding
pending or, to each Borrower's knowledge threatened, relating to any Project.

     4.12.  Litigation.  Except as set forth on Exhibit 4.12 hereto, there is no
litigation,  arbitration  or  other  proceeding  or  governmental  investigation
pending or, to each Borrower's knowledge,  threatened against or relating to (a)
(i) any Borrower or any Borrower's  ownership of any of its property,  assets or
business,  including  any  Project  or (ii) to each  Borrower's  knowledge,  the
operation  and  management  of any Project,  except in each case for any matters
which the  insurance  company  of any  tenant or Omega  Mortgagor  has agreed to
defend and indemnify Borrowers against, or (b) Guarantor or any of its property,
assets or  business,  which in each case or in the  aggregate  with  others,  if
decided  adversely  would  reasonably  be  expected  to have a Material  Adverse
Effect.

     4.13.  Accuracy.  Neither  this  Agreement  nor  any  document,   financial
statement,  credit  information,  certificate or statement furnished to Agent by
Borrowers or Guarantor  contains any materially  untrue  statement of a material
fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
contained  herein or therein not  misleading  as of the date such  statement was
made;  provided,  however,  that any  representation in respect of any furnished
document, financial statement or information that was received by Borrowers from
any third party in respect of any  Project or any of the Health Care  Facilities
is limited in all respects to each Borrower's knowledge.

     4.14.  Foreign  Ownership.  No  Borrower  is or will  be,  and no  legal or
beneficial interest of an Affiliate of any Borrower is or will be held, directly
or  indirectly,  by a "foreign  corporation",  "foreign  partnership",  "foreign
trust", "foreign estate", "foreign person", "affiliate" of a "foreign person" or
a "United  States  intermediary"  of a "foreign  person"  within the  meaning of
Sections 897 and 1445 of the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("IRC"),
the Foreign  Investments  in Real  Property Tax Act of 1980,  the  International
Foreign  Investment  Survey Act of 1976,  the  Agricultural  Foreign  Investment
Disclosure Act of 1978, or the regulations promulgated pursuant to such Acts set
forth above in this Section 4.14 or any amendments to such Acts.

     4.15.  Solvency.  No  Borrower  is  insolvent  and there  has been no:  (a)
assignment  made  for  the  benefit  of  the  creditors  of  any  Borrower;  (b)
appointment  of a receiver for any Borrower or for the property of any Borrower;
or (c) bankruptcy,  reorganization,  or liquidation  proceeding instituted by or
against any Borrower.

     4.16. Financial Statement/No Change. Each Borrower has heretofore delivered
to Agent copies of the most current  financial  statements of each  Project.  To
each Borrower's  knowledge,  said financial  statements were prepared on a basis
consistent with that of preceding  years,  and all of such financial  statements
present fairly in all material respects the financial  condition of said Project
as of the  respective  dates in question and the results of  operations  for the
respective periods indicated.  To each Borrower's knowledge,  since the dates of
such  statements,  there has been no material  adverse change in the business or
financial  condition of any Project.  Neither  Borrowers  nor  Guarantor has any
material  contingent  liabilities not provided for or disclosed in any financial
statements  delivered to Agent.  There has been no material adverse change since
March 31, 2003 in the  structure,  business  operations,  credit,  prospects  or
financial condition of any Borrower or any Project.

     4.17. Single Asset Entity. No Borrower:  (a) holds, directly or indirectly,
any ownership  interest  (legal or  equitable) in any real or personal  property
other  than the  interest  which it owns in its  respective  Projects;  (b) is a
shareholder  or  partner  or member of any other  entity;  or (c)  conducts  any
business other than the ownership,  lease or asset  management of its respective
Projects.  Each Borrower  maintains a separate  bank  account,  and no funds are
commingled therein except funds related to such Borrower's Properties.

     4.18.  No Broker.  No brokerage  commission or finder's fee is owing to any
broker  or finder  arising  out of any  actions  or  activity  of  Borrowers  in
connection with the Loan.

     4.19.  Employees.  No Borrower has any employees and no Borrower shall have
any employees until after the date on which the entire principal  balance of the
Loan and all  interest  thereon  and all  other  sums due  pursuant  to the Loan
Documents have been repaid in full.

     4.20. Security Deposits. No Borrower has collected or received any security
deposit  from any tenant or  resident of the  Project,  except as  described  on
Exhibit 4.20 hereto.

     4.21.  HIPAA  Compliance.  Neither  Borrowers  nor  Guarantor is a "covered
entity" within the meaning of HIPAA (as defined  below),  To the extent that and
for so long as any Borrower or Guarantor  becomes a "covered  entity" within the
meaning of HIPAA,  each  Borrower  (a) will  promptly  undertake  all  necessary
surveys, audits,  inventories,  reviews,  analyses and/or assessments (including
any  necessary  risk  assessments)  of all areas of its business and  operations
required by HIPAA  and/or  that could be  materially  adversely  affected by the
failure of each Borrower or Guarantor, as applicable,  to be HIPAA Compliant (as
defined  below);  (b) will  promptly  develop a detailed  plan and time line for
becoming HIPAA  Compliant (a "HIPAA  Compliance  Plan");  and (c) will implement
those  provisions  of  such  HIPAA  Compliance  Plan  in all  material  respects
necessary  to ensure  that each  Borrower or  Guarantor,  as  applicable,  is or
becomes HIPAA Compliant.  For purposes hereof, "HIPAA Compliant" shall mean that
each  Borrower or  Guarantor,  as  applicable,  (x) will be in compliance in all
material  respects  with each of the  applicable  requirements  of the so-called
"Administrative  Simplification" provisions of HIPAA on and as of each date that
any part thereof, or any final rule or regulation thereunder,  becomes effective
in  accordance  with its or their  terms,  as the case may be (each such date, a
"HIPAA  Compliance Date") and (y) is not and could not reasonably be expected to
become,  as of any date following any such HIPAA Compliance Date, the subject of
any civil or criminal  penalty,  process,  claim,  action or proceeding,  or any
administrative or other regulatory review,  survey, process or proceeding (other
than routine surveys or reviews conducted by any government health plan or other
accreditation  entity) that could  result in any of the  foregoing or that could
reasonably be expected to have a Material  Adverse Effect in connection with any
actual or potential violation by any Borrower or Guarantor of the then effective
provisions  of  HIPAA.  "HIPAA"  means  the  Health  Insurance  Portability  and
Accountability Act of 1996, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented
from time to time, and any successor  statute thereto,  and any and all rules or
regulations promulgated from time to time thereunder.

     4.22. Intentionally Omitted.

     4.23. Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Compliance.

     4.23.1. Compliance with Anti-Terrorism Laws. Each Borrower is not and shall
not be, and, after making due inquiry, no Person who owns a controlling interest
in or  otherwise  controls  any  Borrower  is or shall  be,  (i)  listed  on the
Specially  Designated  Nationals  and  Blocked  Persons  List (the  "SDN  List")
maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control  ("OFAC"),  Department of the
Treasury, and/or on any other similar list ("Other Lists" and, collectively with
the SDN List,  the "Lists")  maintained by the OFAC pursuant to any  authorizing
statute,   Executive   Order  or  regulation   (collectively,   "OFAC  Laws  and
Regulations");  or (ii) a Person (a  "Designated  Person")  either (A)  included
within the term  "designated  national" as defined in the Cuban  Assets  Control
Regulations,  31 C.F.R.  Part 515, or (B) designated  under Sections 1(a), 1(b),
1(c) or 1(d) of  Executive  Order  No.  13224,  66 Fed.  Reg.  49079  (published
September  25,  2001)  or  similarly   designated  under  any  related  enabling
legislation or any other similar Executive Orders (collectively,  the "Executive
Orders").   The  OFAC  Laws  and  Regulations  and  the  Executive   Orders  are
collectively  referred to in this Amendment as the  "Anti-Terrorism  Laws". Each
Borrower  also shall  require,  and shall  take  reasonable  measures  to ensure
compliance  with the  requirement,  that no  Person  who owns any  other  direct
interest  in such  Borrower  is or shall be  listed on any of the Lists or is or
shall be a Designated Person.  This Section 4.23.1 shall not apply to any Person
to the extent  that such  Person's  interest  in any  Borrower is through a U.S.
Publicly-Traded Entity. As used in this Agreement, "U.S. Publicly-Traded Entity"
means a Person  (other  than an  individual)  whose  securities  are listed on a
national securities exchange, or quoted on an automated quotation system, in the
United States, or a wholly-owned subsidiary of such a Person.

     4.23.2.  Compliance by Interest  Holders.  Each Borrower shall require each
Person that proposes to become a partner, member or shareholder in such Borrower
after the date hereof and that is not a U.S. Publicly-Traded Entity to sign, and
to deliver to such Borrower (and such Borrower shall deliver to Lender),  (a) an
Interest Holder Certification and Agreement,  in the form of Exhibit 4.23 hereto
("Interest Holder Agreement") and (b) if requested by Agent, each Borrower shall
deliver  to Agent a  schedule  of the  name,  legal  domicile  address  and (for
entities)  place of organization of each holder of a direct or indirect legal or
beneficial interest in such Borrower.

     4.23.3. Anti-Terrorism Policies. Each Borrower agrees to adopt and maintain
adequate  policies,  procedures  and controls to ensure that it is in compliance
with all  Anti-Terrorism  Laws and related  government  guidance (such policies,
procedures  and  controls  are  collectively  referred to in this  Amendment  as
"Borrower  Anti-Terrorism  Policies").  Each Borrower further agrees to make the
Borrower  Anti-Terrorism  Policies, and the respective policies,  procedures and
controls for Persons who are or are to become partners,  members or shareholders
in Borrower (such policies, procedures and controls are collectively referred to
as "Investor Anti-Terrorism Policies"),  together with the information collected
thereby concerning Borrower and such partners,  members or shareholders (but not
information about indirect members that are not Controlling Persons),  available
to Agent and Lenders for review and inspection by Agent and Lenders from time to
time during normal  business hours and upon  reasonable  prior notice,  and each
Borrower  agrees to deliver copies of the same to Agent and/or Lenders from time
to time upon  request.  Agent and Lenders will keep the Borrower  Anti-Terrorism
Policies and the Investor Anti-Terrorism Policies, and the information collected
thereby,  confidential  subject  to  customary  exceptions  for  legal  process,
auditors,  regulators,  or as otherwise reasonably required by Agent and Lenders
for enforcement of its rights and/or in connection  with reasonable  business us
in the management, administration and disposition of its assets and investments.
Each Borrower consents to the disclosure to U.S.  regulators and law enforcement
authorities by Agent and Lenders or any of their respective Affiliates or agents
of such  information  about any  Borrower  and the owners of direct and indirect
interests in any Borrower that Agent or Lenders  reasonably  deems  necessary or
appropriate  to  comply  with  applicable  Anti-Terrorism  Laws  and  Anti-Money
Laundering Laws.

     4.23.4.  Funds  Invested in Borrowers.  Each Borrower has taken,  and shall
continue to take,  reasonable measures  appropriate to the circumstances (and in
any event as  required  by  applicable  law),  with  respect to each holder of a
direct or indirect  interest in such Borrower,  to assure that funds invested by
such  holders in such  Borrower  are  derived  from legal  sources  ("Anti-Money
Laundering Measures"). The Anti-Money Laundering Measures have been and shall be
undertaken in  accordance  with the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C.  ss.ss.  5311 et
seq. ("BSA"),  and all applicable laws,  regulations and government  guidance on
BSA  compliance  and  on  the  prevention  and  detection  of  money  laundering
violations  under 18 U.S.C.  ss.ss.  1956 and 1957  (collectively  with the BSA,
"Anti-Money Laundering Laws").

     4.23.5.  No Violation of Anti-Money  Laundering  Laws.  To each  Borrower's
knowledge  neither such Borrower nor any holder of a direct or indirect interest
in such Borrower (a) is under  investigation by any governmental  authority for,
or has been charged  with,  or convicted  of, money  laundering  under 18 U.S.C.
ss.ss.  1956 and 1957, drug trafficking,  terrorist-related  activities or other
money  laundering  predicate  crimes,  or any violation of the BSA, (b) has been
assessed civil  penalties under any Anti-Money  Laundering  Laws, or (c) has had
any of  its  funds  seized  or  forfeited  in an  action  under  any  Anti-Money
Laundering Laws.

     4.23.6.  Borrower Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each Borrower
has taken,  and  agrees  that it shall  continue  to take,  reasonable  measures
appropriate to the  circumstances  (in any event as required by applicable law),
to ensure that such Borrower is and shall be in compliance  with all current and
future  Anti-Money   Laundering  Laws  and  applicable  laws,   regulations  and
governmental  guidance for the prevention of terrorism,  terrorist financing and
drug trafficking.

     4.23.7.  Notification  of Lender;  Quarantine  Steps.  Each Borrower  shall
immediately  notify Agent if such Borrower  obtains  actual  knowledge  that any
holder of a direct or  indirect  interest  in such  Borrower,  or any  director,
manager  or  officer of any of such  holder,  (a) has been  listed on any of the
Lists,  (b) has become a Designated  Person,  (c) is under  investigation by any
governmental  authority  for, or has been charged  with or  convicted  of, money
laundering  drug  trafficking,   terrorist-related  activities  or  other  money
laundering  predicate crimes, or any violation of the BSA, (d) has been assessed
civil  penalties  under any  Anti-Money  Laundering  Laws,  or (e) has had funds
seized or forfeited in an action under any Anti-Money Laundering Laws.

     4.24. Government Regulations.  No Borrower is an "investment company" or an
"affiliated  person"  of, or  "promoter"  or  "principal  underwriter"  for,  an
"investment company," as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of
1940.  No Borrower is subject to  regulation  under the Public  Utility  Holding
Company  Act of 1935,  the  Federal  Power  Act,  or any other  federal or state
statute that restricts or limits its ability to incur Indebtedness or to perform
its obligations hereunder.  The making of the Loan by Lenders to Borrowers,  the
application of the proceeds  thereof and repayment  thereof will not violate any
provision  of any such  statute or any rule,  regulation  or order issued by the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

     4.25.  Margin  Regulations.  No Borrower  is  engaged,  nor will it engage,
principally or as one of its important activities,  in the business of extending
credit for the purpose of  "purchasing" or "carrying" any "margin stock" as such
terms are defined in  Regulation U of the Federal  Reserve Board as now and from
time to time  hereafter in effect (such  securities  being referred to herein as
"Margin Stock").  No Borrower owns any Margin Stock, and none of the proceeds of
the Loan or other  extensions  of  credit  under  this  Agreement  will be used,
directly or  indirectly,  for the purpose of  purchasing  or carrying any Margin
Stock,  for the  purpose of  reducing  or  retiring  any  indebtedness  that was
originally  incurred  to  purchase  or carry any  Margin  Stock or for any other
purpose  that  might  cause the Loan or other  extensions  of credit  under this
Agreement to be considered a "purpose  credit" within the meaning of Regulations
T, U or X of the Federal  Reserve  Board.  No Borrower will take or permit to be
taken any action that might cause any Loan Document to violate any regulation of
the Federal Reserve Board.

     4.26. Taxes. All tax returns, reports and statements, including information
returns, required by any Governmental Authority to be filed by any Borrower have
been filed with the appropriate Governmental Authority and all charges have been
paid prior to the date on which any fine,  penalty,  interest or late charge may
be added thereto for nonpayment  thereof (or any such fine,  penalty,  interest,
late charge or loss has been paid).  Copies of the current  general  real estate
tax bills with respect to the  Properties  have been  delivered  to Agent.  Said
bills cover each  respective  parcel of the Properties and do not cover or apply
to any other  property.  There is no pending  or to the best of each  Borrower's
knowledge,  contemplated  action pursuant to which any special assessment may be
levied against any of the  Properties.  Exhibit 4.26 hereto sets forth as of the
Closing  Date those  taxable  years for which any  Borrower's  tax  returns  are
currently  being  audited  by  the  IRS  or any  other  applicable  Governmental
Authority, and any assessments or threatened assessments in connection with such
audit, or otherwise currently  outstanding.  Except as described on Exhibit 4.26
hereto, no Borrower has executed or filed with the IRS or any other Governmental
Authority any  agreement or other  document  extending,  or having the effect of
extending, the period for assessment or collection of any taxes.

     4.27. ERISA.

     4.27.1.  Exhibit  4.27 hereto  lists (a) all ERISA  Affiliates  and (b) all
Plans and separately  identifies all Pension  Plans,  including  Title IV Plans,
Multiemployer  Plans,  ESOPs and Welfare  Plans,  including all Retiree  Welfare
Plans.  Copies of all such  listed  Plans,  together  with a copy of the  latest
IRS/DOL  5500-series  form for each such  Plan,  have been  delivered  to Agent.
Except  with  respect  to  Multiemployer  Plans,  each  Qualified  Plan has been
determined  by the IRS to  qualify  under  Section  401 of the IRC,  the  trusts
created  thereunder  have  been  determined  to be  exempt  from tax  under  the
provisions of Section 501 of the IRC, and to each Borrower's knowledge,  nothing
has  occurred  that would  cause the loss of such  qualification  or  tax-exempt
status.  Each Plan is in compliance with the applicable  provisions of ERISA and
the IRC,  including the timely filing of all reports  required  under the IRC or
ERISA,  including the statement required by 29 CFR Section 2520.104-23.  Neither
any Borrower nor ERISA Affiliate has failed to make any  contribution or pay any
amount due as required by either  Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA
or the terms of any such Plan.  Neither any  Borrower  nor ERISA  Affiliate  has
engaged in a  "prohibited  transaction,"  as defined in Section 406 of ERISA and
Section 4975 of the IRC, in  connection  with any Plan,  that would  subject any
Borrower to a material tax on prohibited  transactions imposed by Section 502(i)
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the IRC.

     4.27.2.  Except as set forth in Exhibit 4.27  hereto:  (a) no Title IV Plan
has any Unfunded  Pension  Liability;  (b) no ERISA Event or event  described in
Section  4062(e) of ERISA with  respect to any Title IV Plan has  occurred or is
reasonably  expected to occur; (c) there are no pending,  or to the knowledge of
any  Borrower,  threatened  claims (other than claims for benefits in the normal
course), sanctions, actions or lawsuits, asserted or instituted against any Plan
or any Person as  fiduciary  or sponsor of any Plan;  (d) no  Borrower  or ERISA
Affiliate has incurred or reasonably  expects to incur any liability as a result
of a complete or partial  withdrawal from a  Multiemployer  Plan; (e) within the
last five (5) years no Title IV Plan of any Borrower or ERISA Affiliate has been
terminated,  whether or not in a "standard  termination" as that term is used in
Section  4041(b)(1)  of ERISA,  nor has any Title IV Plan of any Borrower or any
ERISA  Affiliate  (determined  at any time  within the last five (5) years) with
Unfunded Pension  Liabilities been transferred outside of the "controlled group"
(within the meaning of Section  4001(a)(14)  of ERISA) of any  Borrower or ERISA
Affiliate  (determined at such time);  (f) except in the case of any ESOP, stock
or membership interests of all Borrowers and their ERISA Affiliates makes up, in
the aggregate, no more than ten percent (10%) of fair market value of the assets
of any  Plan  measured  on the  basis  of fair  market  value  as of the  latest
valuation  date of any Plan;  and (g) no  liability  under any Title IV Plan has
been satisfied with the purchase of a contract from an insurance company that is
not rated AAA by the Standard & Poor's  Corporation  or an equivalent  rating by
another nationally recognized rating agency.

     4.28.  Intellectual Property. As of the Closing Date, each Borrower owns or
has rights to use all Intellectual Property necessary to continue to conduct its
business as now or heretofore conducted by it or proposed to be conducted by it,
and each  Patent,  Trademark,  Copyright  and License  necessary  to continue to
conduct  its  business  as now  heretofore  conducted  by it or  proposed  to be
conducted by it is listed, together with application or registration numbers, as
applicable,  on Exhibit 4.28  hereto.  Each  Borrower  conducts its business and
affairs without  infringement of or interference with any Intellectual  Property
of any other Person in any material respect. Except as set forth on Exhibit 4.28
hereto, no Borrower has knowledge of any infringement  claim by any other Person
with respect to any Intellectual  Property.  All capitalized  terms used in this
Section 4.28 have the meanings set forth in Exhibit 4.28 hereto.

     4.29.  Deposit and Other Accounts.  Exhibit 4.29 hereto lists all banks and
other financial  institutions at which any Borrower  maintains  deposit or other
accounts as of the Closing Date, and such Exhibit correctly identifies the name,
address and telephone number of each  depository,  the name in which the account
is held, a description of the purpose of the account,  and the complete  account
number therefor.

     4.30.  Compliance with Healthcare Laws. Except as disclosed on Exhibit 4.30
hereto, no Borrower has any knowledge that any Project or any tenant or operator
of any Project is in violation of any applicable statute, law, ordinance,  rules
and regulations of any governmental authority with respect to regulatory matters
primarily relating to patient  healthcare  (including without limitation Section
1128B(b) of the Social Security Act, as amended,  42 U.S.C.  Section  1320a-7(b)
(Criminal Penalties Involving Medicare or State Health Care Programs),  commonly
referred to as the "Federal Anti-Kickback Statute," and the Social Security Act,
as amended,  Section 1877, 42 U.S.C Section 1395nn (Prohibition  Against Certain
Referrals),  commonly  referred  to as  "Stark  Statute").  To  each  Borrower's
knowledge,  tenant or operator of each Project, as applicable, has all licenses,
permits,  consents and approvals  from or by, and has made all required  filings
with, all Governmental  Authorities having jurisdiction,  to the extent required
for the  ownership,  lease,  management or  operation,  as  applicable,  of each
Project as a Health Care Facility.  "Governmental Authority" means any nation or
government,  any state or other political  subdivision  thereof, and any agency,
department  or  other  entity  exercising  executive,   legislative,   judicial,
regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government.

     4.31.  Certificate of Need. To each  Borrower's  knowledge,  the tenants or
operators of the Projects are the lawful  owners of any  certificate  of need or
other required license for the ownership,  lease, management and/or operation of
the Project.  To each Borrower's  knowledge,  in the event that Agent or Lenders
acquire  any of the  Projects  through  foreclosure  or  otherwise,  neither the
Borrowers nor Agent or any Lender,  nor any purchaser of such Project (through a
foreclosure or otherwise), must obtain a certificate of need from any applicable
state healthcare  regulatory  authority or agency (other than giving such notice
required under the applicable state law or regulation) prior to applying for and
receiving  a license  to  operate  such  Project  and  certification  to receive
Medicare and Medicaid  payments (and any successor  program) for patients having
coverage  thereunder,  provided that neither the services offered at the Project
nor the number of beds operated would be changed.

     4.32.  Notes in Connection with Leases.  Except for the Advocat Note, there
are no  other  promissory  notes  in  favor  of any  Borrower  or  Guarantor  in
connection with any of the Leases.

     4.33.  Borrower's  Knowledge.  Any representation and warranty made in this
Agreement  which  is  explicitly  limited  "to  Borrowers'  knowledge",  "to any
Borrower's  knowledge" or "to each  Borrower's  knowledge"  shall mean that such
representation and warranty is made to the actual knowledge (without inquiry) of
any of the  following  people  or their  respective  successors:  (a) C.  Taylor
Pickett,  Chief  Executive  Officer of Borrowers  and  Guarantor,  (b) Daniel J.
Booth,   Chief  Operating  Officer  of  Borrowers  and  Guarantor,   (c)  Robert
Stephenson,  Chief Financial  Officer of Borrowers and Guarantor,  or (d) R. Lee
Crabill, Jr., Senior Vice President of Operations of Guarantor.

                                   ARTICLE V
                              Affirmative Covenants

     5.1.  Inspection.  Subject to the  rights of  tenants  under the Leases set
forth on Exhibit 3.7 hereto and Omega  Mortgagors under the Omega Loan Documents
and any future Leases and Omega Loan Documents  approved by Agent, Agent and its
authorized  agents may enter upon and inspect any Project during normal business
hours upon two (2)  Business  Days prior  notice  given  orally or in writing to
Borrowers.  Agent shall retain one or more independent  consultants,  at Agent's
sole  cost,  to  periodically  (but,  as long as no  Event  of  Default  is then
continuing  and Agent has no good faith basis to be  concerned  that a breach of
this  Agreement or any other Loan Document is continuing at a Project,  not more
than once a year) inspect any Project and all documents,  drawings,  plans,  and
consultants' reports relating thereto; provided, however, if an Event of Default
is  continuing  or if Agent has a good faith  reason to believe that a breach of
this  Agreement  or any other Loan  Document is  continuing  at a Project,  then
Borrowers  shall pay all of Agent's out of pocket  costs and  internal  costs in
connection with any such inspections.

     5.2. Books and Records.  Each Borrower shall keep and maintain at all times
at Borrowers'  address stated below, or such other place as Agent may approve in
writing,  complete books of the accounts and records  received by Borrowers from
any tenant and any Omega  Mortgagor that reflect the results of the operation of
each Project and relate to the financial  statements  required to be provided to
Agent  pursuant  to  Section  5.3 below and  copies  of all  written  contracts,
correspondence,  reports of Agent's  independent  consultant,  if any, and other
documents  affecting any Project.  Upon two (2) Business Days prior notice given
orally or in writing to Borrowers,  Agent and its  designated  agents shall have
the right to inspect and copy any of the foregoing during normal business hours.

     5.3. Financial  Statements;  Balance Sheets. Each Borrower shall furnish to
Agent  and  shall  cause  the  Guarantor  to  furnish  to Agent  such  financial
statements and other  financial  information in respect of the Projects as Agent
may from time to time reasonably request (and after receipt thereof, Agent shall
deliver  copies  thereof  to each  of the  Lenders),  so long as such  financial
statements and other financial  information in respect of the Projects is in the
possession of Borrowers or Borrowers have the right to request it from any third
party  under  the  Leases  or the  Omega  Loan  Documents.  To  each  Borrower's
knowledge,  such Project  financial  statements and  information  accurately and
fairly present the results of operations of each Project at the respective dates
and for the respective periods  indicated.  Without limitation of the foregoing,
each  Borrower  shall  furnish to Agent and shall cause  Guarantor to furnish to
Agent the following statements:

     5.3.1. Monthly and Annual Operating Statements. Statements of the operation
of each Project (in form substantially  similar to those previously furnished to
Agent) as of the last day of each month, to be delivered  within fifty (50) days
after the end of each month,  and yearly  statements  of the  operation  of each
Project,  to be delivered  within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of
each fiscal year;  in each case,  and without  limitation of the  foregoing,  in
sufficient  detail for Agent to reasonably  determine the Adjusted Net Operating
Income of such Project.  Borrowers  shall also execute and deliver to Agent each
quarter a compliance certificate in the form of Exhibit 5.3.1 hereto. At Agent's
request,  Borrowers  shall  deliver  to Agent  (who  shall  then  deliver to the
Lenders)  copies of Borrowers'  bank  statements with respect to the Lockbox and
the Deposit Account.

     5.3.2.  Annual  Balance  Sheets and Financial  Statements.  Annual  balance
sheets and financial  statements  from each Borrower  within one hundred  twenty
(120)  days of the end of each  fiscal  year  which are true and  correct in all
material  respects,  have been prepared in accordance  with  generally  accepted
accounting  principles,  and fairly  present  the  financial  condition  of such
Borrower as of the date(s) indicated.  As long as Guarantor is a publicly traded
corporation,  Borrowers  will also  provide  Agent  with  copies of  Guarantor's
quarterly and annual securities  filings within five (5) days after the required
date for such filings under the federal securities laws.  However,  if Guarantor
ceases to be a publicly  traded  corporation,  Borrowers will provide Agent with
annual balance sheets and financial  statements of Guarantor  within one hundred
twenty  (120) days of the end of each fiscal year which will be true and correct
in all  respects,  have been  prepared in  accordance  with  generally  accepted
accounting  principles,  and will fairly  present  the  financial  condition  of
Guarantor as of the date(s)  indicated.  In addition,  at Agent's request,  such
financial   statements  of  Guarantor  shall  contain   information   concerning
Guarantor's other real estate holdings,  including property income and expenses,
debt service requirements and occupancy.

     5.3.3.  Audits.  If  Borrowers  fail to  furnish  or cause to be  furnished
promptly any report required by this Section 5.3, or if Agent  reasonably  deems
such reports to be unacceptable,  Agent may elect (in addition to exercising any
other  right  and  remedy)  to  conduct  an audit of all books  and  records  of
Borrowers and Guarantor  which in any way pertain to the Projects and to prepare
the statement or statements which Borrowers failed to procure and deliver.  Such
audit  shall be made and such  statement  or  statements  shall be  prepared  at
Agent's  option,  either  internally  by  Agent  or by an  independent  firm  of
certified  public  accountants to be selected by Agent.  Borrowers shall pay all
reasonable  expenses of the audit and other  services,  which  expenses shall be
immediately  due and payable and, if not paid within  twenty (20) days after the
receipt of  invoices  thereof,  shall be  included  as  additional  Indebtedness
bearing interest thereon at the Default Rate set forth in the Notes until paid.

     5.4.  Use of  Proceeds.  Borrowers  shall use the  proceeds of the Loan for
proper business  purposes.  No portion of the proceeds of the Loan shall be used
by Borrowers in any manner that might cause the borrowing or the  application of
such proceeds to violate Regulation U, Regulation T or Regulation X or any other
regulation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or to violate
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,  or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended.

     5.5.  Notice of Litigation or Default.  Borrowers  shall  promptly  provide
Agent (who shall then deliver to Lenders) with:

     (a) written notice of any litigation,  arbitration,  or other proceeding or
governmental   investigation  pending  or,  to  any  Borrower's  or  Guarantor's
knowledge,  threatened  against or relating to any  Borrower,  Guarantor  or any
Project;  provided,  that with respect to any such  litigation,  arbitration  or
other  proceeding  relating  solely to a  monetary  claim of less than  $50,000,
Borrowers shall not be required to provide notice (written or otherwise) of such
claim in accordance with the terms of this subsection 5.5(a); and

     (b) a copy of all notices of default and  violations  of  applicable  laws,
regulations,  codes,  ordinances  and  the  like  received  by any  Borrower  or
Guarantor relating to any Borrower, the Collateral or any Project; and

     (c) a copy of all notices of default, violations, casualty, condemnation or
any other  material  matter and a copy of any request for waiver or  forbearance
sent to or received  (i) from any party  under any of the Omega Loan  Documents,
Leases or Lease  Guaranties  (including,  without  limitation,  all  reports and
financial  statements)  or (ii)  pursuant to or in  connection  with the Advocat
Note,  Essex Note or any of the collateral which secures the Advocat Note, Essex
Note or the Lease Collateral.

     5.6. Affiliate  Transactions.  Prior to entering into any agreement with an
Affiliate pertaining to the Projects, Borrowers shall deliver to Agent a copy of
such agreement,  which shall be  satisfactory  to Agent in its sole  discretion,
except  Borrowers  need not deliver a copy of any  agreement  with an  Affiliate
entered  into  in  the  ordinary  course  of  and  pursuant  to  the  reasonable
requirements  of the business of Borrowers  and upon fair and  reasonable  terms
which are no less  favorable to Borrowers than would be obtained in a comparable
arm's length  transaction.  Unless otherwise agreed to by Agent in writing,  all
such  agreements  shall  provide Agent the right to terminate it upon Agent's or
Lenders' (or their  designee's)  acquisition of the applicable  Project  through
foreclosure, a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, UCC sale or otherwise.

     "Affiliate"   means  with  respect  to  any  individual,   trust,   estate,
partnership, limited liability company, corporation or any other incorporated or
unincorporated  organization  (each,  a  "Person"),  a Person  that  directly or
indirectly, through one or more intermediaries,  controls or is controlled by or
is under  common  control  with  any  Borrower  or  Guarantor;  or any  officer,
director,  partner  or  shareholder  of such  Borrower  or  Guarantor.  The term
"control" means  possession,  directly or indirectly,  of the power to direct or
cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person,  whether through
the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

     5.7. Cash Management System.

     5.7.1. Tenant Deposits.  Borrowers shall maintain a lockbox (the "Lockbox")
with LaSalle Bank (the "Lockbox Bank"),  subject to the terms of this Agreement,
and shall  execute  with the  Lockbox  Bank a lockbox  agreement  in the form of
Exhibit 5.7.1 hereto,  and such other documents as Agent may reasonably  request
in  connection  therewith.  During the Term,  Borrowers  shall  ensure  that all
payments by tenants and  guarantors  (if  applicable) of rent and other sums due
under the Leases and Lease  Guaranties  shall be made directly into the Lockbox,
and Borrowers shall provide written notice thereof to all tenants and guarantors
under the Leases and Lease Guaranties immediately following the Closing Date.

     5.7.2. Omega Mortgagor  Deposits.  During the Term,  Borrowers shall ensure
that all payments of interest,  principal and other sums made by mortgagors with
respect to the Omega Mortgaged Properties (collectively, the "Omega Mortgagors")
pursuant to the loan  documents in favor of Borrowers  in  connection  therewith
(collectively,  the "Omega Loan  Documents"),  shall be made  directly  into the
Lockbox described in subsection 5.7.1 above, and Borrowers shall provide written
notice thereof to all Omega Mortgagors immediately following the Closing Date.

     5.7.3. Borrower Collections Held in Trust. To the extent that any funds are
not sent  directly  to the  Lockbox  as  required  by this  Section  5.7 but are
received  by any  Borrower,  such  collections  shall be held in  trust  for the
benefit of Agent and remitted,  in the form received,  to the Lockbox within two
(2) Business Days after receipt by any Borrower.  Each Borrower acknowledges and
agrees that all cash, checks or other items of payment constituting  proceeds of
Collateral  are  part of the  Collateral.  All  proceeds  of the  sale or  other
disposition of any Collateral, shall be deposited directly into the Lockbox.

     5.7.4.  Collection  Account.  All funds deposited into the Lockbox shall be
immediately  transferred into a collection  account (the  "Collection  Account")
held by Agent,  or such other account as may be specified by Agent in writing as
the Collection Account.

     5.7.5.  Agent  Account.  Each  Borrower  shall  immediately  transfer to an
account  with Agent (the "Agent  Account")  all escrows and reserves (if any) of
any type that have  previously  been  escrowed or deposited  with such  Borrower
pursuant  to any of the Leases or the Omega  Loan  Documents  and,  on a monthly
basis not later than three (3) Business Days after receipt by such Borrower, all
future  escrows and  reserves  that are paid,  escrowed or  deposited  with such
Borrower  during the Term (other than funds which are  required to be  deposited
directly into the Lockbox).  Without limiting the foregoing,  Borrowers shall at
all times have on deposit with Agent,  as cash  collateral  for the Loan and all
amounts  payable  under  the Loan  Documents,  an  amount  of cash  equal to the
aggregate  amount of escrows and reserves which are or may become  refundable to
tenants of the Projects from time to time and all escrows and reserves which are
or may become  refundable to Omega Mortgagors from time to time. Agent agrees to
allow  Borrowers  to use such funds  solely for the purposes for which they were
deposited,  as and when  such  obligations  are due;  provided,  that  after the
occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, Agent may, at its
sole election,  but shall not be obligated to, pay such amounts  directly to the
party or  parties  to whom  they are  due,  upon  Agent's  receipt  of  evidence
reasonably  satisfactory  to Agent  that such  amounts  are due;  and,  provided
further,  upon payment in full of the Loan and all other amounts due Agent under
the Loan Documents,  Agent shall pay any remaining amounts on deposit with Agent
pursuant to this subsection 5.7.5 to Borrowers.  Any security  deposits or other
deposits of any type made by tenants under the Leases or Omega  Mortgagors under
the Omega Loan Documents and currently held by any Borrower shall be immediately
transferred into Borrowers' account with Bank One (the "Deposit  Account").  Any
such deposits  received by Borrowers in the future shall be transferred into the
Deposit Account within two (2) Business Days of receipt by Borrowers.

     5.7.6. Lien on Accounts. The Lockbox, Collection Account, Agent Account and
Deposit Account shall be cash  collateral  accounts,  with all cash,  checks and
other similar items of payment in such accounts securing payment of the Loan and
all other Obligations. Each Borrower hereby grants to Agent, on behalf of itself
and Lenders, a security interest in all checks, instruments, documents and funds
now or  hereafter  held in the Lockbox,  Collection  Account,  Agent  Account or
Deposit  Account and each Borrower  agrees to execute any  documents  reasonably
requested  by Agent in  connection  therewith  to perfect and  maintain  Agent's
security interest therein.

     5.7.7.  Disbursements  from Collection  Account to Borrowers.  If Borrowers
have failed to make any payment under any of the Loan Documents  within five (5)
days of the date due, then Agent may apply the funds in the  Collection  Account
first to any costs,  fees or expenses  due under the Loan  Documents,  second to
accrued and current  interest  payments due under the Loan Documents,  third, to
the extent  received from a tenant under a Lease or an Omega  Mortgagor under an
Omega Loan  Document,  to  payments  into real estate  tax,  insurance  or other
escrows due under such Leases and/or Omega Loan Documents, if any, and fourth to
principal payments due under the Loan Documents.  So long as there is no uncured
monetary  default or any  non-monetary  Event of  Default  under any of the Loan
Documents,  then after application as set forth above, and subject to subsection
5.7.8 below,  Agent shall cause all sums then held in the Collection  Account to
be disbursed to Borrowers on a weekly basis.

     5.7.8.  Sweep of Lockbox and Collection  Account By Agent.  Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary  contained herein,  Agent may apply all sums then or in
the future held in the Lockbox or  Collection  Account  towards the  outstanding
principal  balance of the Loan in the event that any of the following events has
occurred:  (a)  Borrowers  have failed to make any payment when due under any of
the Loan  Documents,  (b) any of the Sweep  Events  (defined  below)  shall have
occurred,  (c)  Agent  has  elected  to  accelerate  the Loan  after an Event of
Default, (d) the Adjusted Net Operating Income of the Project is less than 69.5%
of the amount  underwritten by Agent (as adjusted to take into consideration any
repaid debt under the Omega Loan Documents) (for informational  purposes,  as of
the Closing  Date,  69.5% of the annual  Adjusted  Net  Operating  Income of the
Projects  as  underwritten  by  Agent  is  equal  to  $34,600,000)  for  two (2)
consecutive  calendar  quarters,  or (e) more than  fifty  percent  (50%) of the
aggregate rent  obligations of tenants under the Leases and debt  obligations of
the Omega  Mortgagors  under the Omega Loan  Documents have not been paid or are
otherwise abated for more than three (3) consecutive calendar months.

     "Sweep Events" shall mean any of the following:  (a) Agent has a reasonable
good faith basis to believe  that any Borrower or  Guarantor  has  intentionally
made a material  misrepresentation  or has committed a fraud in connection  with
the Loan or any of the  Projects;  (b) any  Borrower or  Guarantor  knowingly or
intentionally  diverts funds from the Lockbox, the Collection Account, the Agent
Account or the Deposit Account, as applicable;  (c) the transfer of any interest
in any Borrower or any  Borrower's  interest in any Property in violation of the
terms of any Loan Document;  or (d) the filing by any Borrower or Guarantor,  or
the filing  against any Borrower or Guarantor by any Borrower or  Guarantor,  of
any proceeding for relief under any federal or state  bankruptcy,  insolvency or
receivership  laws or any  assignment  for the benefit of creditors  made by any
Borrower or Guarantor.

     5.8.  Leases.   Each  Borrower   covenants  that  it  shall  enforce  in  a
commercially  reasonable  manner all of its rights under the Leases and it shall
not take any action, or fail to take any action,  which would cause a default by
a Borrower under any of the Leases.  In the event that any Borrower receives any
written request for its consent or approval pursuant to any of the Leases,  such
Borrower  shall  promptly  deliver  a copy of such  request  (together  with any
documentation and information supporting such request) to Agent. If such consent
or approval  involves any Material Lease  Modification (as defined in subsection
6.1.2 below),  then no Borrower shall grant its consent or approval  pursuant to
such request unless Agent has also granted its written approval,  which approval
shall not be  unreasonably  withheld or delayed.  Each Borrower  shall  promptly
deliver to Agent copies of any financial statements received by such Borrower in
connection with the Leases, including without limitation,  financial statements,
budgets,  reports and other  financial  information  of tenants,  subtenants and
guarantors.  Agent  shall have no  obligation  to notify  Borrowers  if any rent
payment is late or if a rent  payment is made in an amount other than the amount
due under the  applicable  Lease.  Each Borrower shall also deliver to Agent any
letters of credit which have been delivered to such Borrower by any tenant under
any of the Leases,  and each Borrower hereby grants to Agent a security interest
in any such letters of credit. All Leases shall be on forms previously  approved
by Agent.  Borrowers  shall not be  authorized to enter into any ground lease of
any Property  without Agent's prior written  approval.  If Agent consents to any
Lease or the renewal of any existing  Lease,  then such Lease shall either be in
the form approved by Agent under Section 3.7 above or  substantially  similar to
the form of lease attached hereto as Exhibit  6.1.5(b),  and at Agent's request,
Borrowers  shall  cause the tenant  thereunder  to execute a  subordination  and
attornment  agreement in form and  substance  reasonably  satisfactory  to Agent
prior to Borrowers' execution of such Lease or renewal.

     5.9. Omega Loan Documents. Each Borrower covenants that it shall enforce in
a  commercially  reasonable  manner  all of its  rights  under  the  Omega  Loan
Documents  and it shall not take any action,  or fail to take any action,  which
would cause a default by a Borrower  under any of the Omega Loan  Documents.  In
the event that any  Borrower  receives  any  written  request for its consent or
approval  pursuant  to any of the Omega  Loan  Documents,  such  Borrower  shall
promptly  deliver a copy of such request  (together with any  documentation  and
information  supporting  such  request)  to Agent.  If such  consent or approval
involves any Material Loan Document Modification (as defined in subsection 6.1.3
below),  then no Borrower  shall grant its consent or approval  pursuant to such
request unless Agent has also granted its written approval, which approval shall
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Each Borrower shall promptly deliver to
Agent copies of any financial statements received by such Borrower in connection
with  the  Omega  Loan  Documents,  including,  without  limitation,   financial
statements,   budgets,   reports  and  other  financial   information  of  Omega
Mortgagors. Agent shall have no obligation to notify Borrowers if any payment is
late or if a payment  is made in an amount  other  than the amount due under the
applicable Omega Loan Document.

     5.10. HIPAA Compliance.  Each Borrower shall cause the  representations and
warranties  set forth in Section  4.21 above to remain  true and  correct in all
material respects at all times.

     5.11.  Insurance.  Borrowers shall maintain and cause the tenants and Omega
Mortgagors  to maintain at all times  during the Term of the Loan the  insurance
policies and  coverages  indicated on the  certificates  attached as Exhibit 3.8
hereto,  subject to changes in policies and coverages based on the  availability
of insurance for similar Health Care Facilities in the market where the Projects
are located, in each case as approved by Agent in its reasonable discretion.

     5.12.  Ground Lease  Matters.  For so long as any portion of the Loan shall
remain  outstanding or any  Obligations  remain  unsatisfied,  Borrowers  hereby
covenant, warrant and represent as follows:

     (a) Each Ground Lease is and shall be  maintained in full force and effect,
unmodified  by any  writing  or  otherwise,  except  such  modifications  as are
permitted by Agent in its reasonable discretion.

     (b) All rent and other  charges  payable  under each Ground Lease have been
and will be paid when due.

     (c) To each  Borrower's  knowledge,  there are, as of the date hereof,  and
will be no defenses to any Borrower's enforcement of its rights under any Ground
Lease.

     (d) As of the date  hereof,  no  Borrower  is in  default  in any  material
respect in the performance of any of its obligations under any Ground Lease, and
there are no circumstances that, alone or with the passage of time or the giving
of notice or both,  would  constitute  a default by a Borrower  under any Ground
Lease.

     (e) To each Borrower's knowledge,  as of the date hereof, no lessor under a
Ground Lease (a "Ground  Lessor") is in default in the performance of any of its
material obligations under any Ground Lease.

     (f) Each Borrower will promptly and faithfully materially observe,  perform
and comply with all the terms, covenants and provisions of each Ground Lease, on
its part to be observed,  performed  and complied  with,  at the times set forth
therein,  and will enforce the material  obligations of each Ground Lessor under
its respective Ground Lease.

     (g) No Borrower  will  knowingly do,  permit,  suffer or refrain from doing
anything, as a result of which, there would be a default or breach of any of the
terms of any Ground Lease in any material respect.

     (h) Without  Agent's  prior  written  consent,  no Borrower  will cancel or
surrender any Ground Lease,  nor sublet or assign any of its interest  under any
Ground Lease.

     (i) Each Borrower will give Agent prompt  written  notice of any default by
anyone  under any Ground  Lease,  and  promptly  deliver to Agent copies of each
notice of default by anyone under any Ground Lease.

     (j) Each  Borrower  will  furnish  to Agent such  information  as Agent may
reasonably  request  concerning such Borrower's due observance,  performance and
compliance with the terms, covenants and provisions of each Ground Lease. If any
default has occurred and is continuing under any Ground Lease,  Agent shall have
the right,  but not the  obligation,  to cure such  default and all sums paid to
cure any such default shall bear interest at the Default Rate and shall be added
to the Indebtedness.

     (k) Fee title to the land and the  estate  conveyed  by each  Ground  Lease
shall not merge but shall always be kept separate and distinct,  notwithstanding
the union of said  estates in either a Ground  Lessor,  any  Borrower or a third
party,  whether by purchase or otherwise  and  accordingly:  (i) if any Borrower
acquires  the fee  title or any  other  estate,  title or  interest  in the land
demised by any Ground  Lease,  or any part  thereof,  the lien of any  Leasehold
Mortgage shall attach to, cover and be a lien upon such acquired  estate,  title
or  interest;  and (ii) each  Borrower  agrees to execute  all  instruments  and
documents  which  Agent may  reasonably  require to ratify,  confirm and further
evidence Agent's lien on the acquired estate, title or interest.

     (l) Agent shall have no liability or  obligation  under any Ground Lease by
reason of its acceptance of a Leasehold Mortgage.

     5.13. Master Lease Matters. Each Borrower covenants and agrees,  subject to
the terms and conditions of the Leases,  the SNDAs and  applicable  law, that if
any Mortgage or Leasehold Mortgage is foreclosed, whether by power of sale or by
court action, or upon a transfer of one or more Properties by conveyance in lieu
of  foreclosure  (the  purchaser at  foreclosure  or the  transferee  in lieu of
foreclosure,  including Agent if it is the purchaser or transferee,  is referred
to as the "New Owner") and Agent is not entitled to or, if applicable,  does not
elect to,  terminate  any Lease with  respect to the  applicable  Property,  the
subject  Property  shall continue to be a Property under the Lease with such New
Owner being added as an  additional  landlord  thereunder  on the same terms and
conditions as the Lease except as provided below (each such Lease being referred
to as an "Amended  Lease "). With respect to each Amended  Lease for which there
is more than one  landlord,  subject to the terms and  conditions of the Leases,
the SNDAs and applicable law, Base Rent (as defined in the Lease)  applicable to
each Property thereunder shall be equal to the Base Rent payable under the Lease
immediately  prior to the transfer of title times a fraction,  the  numerator of
which is the Adjusted  Net  Operating  Income of the  affected  Property and the
denominator  of which is the Adjusted  Net  Operating  Income of all  Properties
subject  to such Lease  immediately  prior to such  transfer  of title and being
based on the most recent quarterly financial reporting theretofore received from
the tenant  pursuant  to such  Lease.  In the event any  Property  subject to an
Amended  Lease or all  Properties  then  subject  to the Lease  have a  negative
Adjusted  Net  Operating  Income,  Base  Rent  shall be  allocated  based on the
relative  unencumbered  fair  market  value  of  the  applicable  Properties  as
reasonably determined by Agent.

     Notwithstanding  the fact that  there may be more  than one  landlord  with
respect to an Amended  Lease,  as long as any  Mortgage  or  Leasehold  Mortgage
continues  to  encumber a  Property  subject to the  applicable  Amended  Lease,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Leases, the SNDAs and applicable law,
(a) all rent and other sums payable by the tenant under such Amended Lease shall
be paid directly to Agent and Agent shall then distribute to the other landlords
under such Amended Lease their respective  proportionate shares of such payments
received by Agent,  and (b) all actions and decisions to be taken or made by the
landlord  under such  Amended  Lease shall be taken or made by Agent.  After all
Mortgages and Leasehold  Mortgages  encumbering  the  Properties  subject to the
applicable Amended Lease have been released,  (y) rent and other sums payable by
the tenant  under such  Amended  Lease shall be paid as the  landlords  owning a
majority of the Properties  subject to such Amended Lease may agree, and (z) all
actions and  decisions  to be taken or made by the  landlord  under such Amended
Lease  shall  be  taken  or made  as the  landlords  owning  a  majority  of the
Properties subject to such Amended Lease may agree.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                               Negative Covenants

     6.1. No Amendments.

     6.1.1.  Organizational  Documents.  Borrowers  shall not  amend,  modify or
terminate, or permit the amendment, modification or termination of the Operating
Agreement or the Borrower Incorporation  Documents without Agent's prior written
consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

     6.1.2.  Leases.  Borrowers  may amend or modify or permit the  amendment or
modification of any of the Leases or the Lease Guaranties  without Agent's prior
written consent, unless such amendment or modification does any of the following
(each a  "Material  Lease  Modification"):  (a)  changes  the rent or any  other
monetary  obligations  under any Lease;  (b) changes the term of any Lease;  (c)
releases  or limits  the  liability  of any  guarantor  under any Lease or Lease
Guaranty;  (d) releases any security  deposits or letters of credit or any other
security  or  collateral  under  any  Lease;  (e)  consents  to the  assignment,
delegation or other transfer of rights and obligations  under any Lease or Lease
Guaranty;  or (f) makes any other material change to the terms and conditions of
any of the Leases or Lease  Guaranties or increases in any material  respect the
obligations  or  liabilities  of  the  landlord  thereunder.   Agent  shall  not
unreasonably withhold its consent to any requested amendment to a Lease, so long
as such amendment would not cause an Event of Default under subsections  7.1(l),
(m) or (n) below. Borrowers shall not terminate or permit the termination of any
of the Leases or the Lease  Guaranties  without  Agent's prior written  consent,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. If a Lease with any
tenant is  restructured in a manner that requires the tenant to be replaced by a
new  tenant or is  terminated  by the tenant or  rejected  in  bankruptcy,  then
Borrowers  shall  identify a proposed new tenant and deliver to Agent a proposed
lease with such new tenant within one hundred twenty (120) days  thereafter.  So
long as the new  tenant  is  reasonably  acceptable  to Agent  and the new lease
provides for rent payments in each year which are at least eighty  percent (80%)
of the rent  payments  which were due from the tenant  being  replaced  for such
year,  then Agent shall not  unreasonably  withhold or delay its consent to such
proposed new tenant and new lease.

     6.1.3.  Omega Loan  Documents.  Borrowers may amend or modify or permit the
amendment or  modification  of any of the Omega Loan Documents  without  Agent's
prior written  consent,  unless such amendment or  modification  does any of the
following  (each a  "Material  Loan  Document  Modification"):  (a)  changes the
principal  of or the rate of interest on the loan or any fees or other  monetary
obligations  under any Omega Loan  Document;  (b) changes the  maturity  date or
postpones  any date for the  payment of  principal,  interest  or fees under any
Omega Loan Document; (c) releases or limits the liability of any Omega Mortgagor
or any guarantor of any obligation  under an Omega Loan  Document;  (d) releases
any security  deposits or letters of credit or any other  security or collateral
under any Omega Loan  Document;  (e) consents to the  assignment,  delegation or
other transfer of rights and obligations  under any Omega Loan Document;  or (f)
makes any other  material  change to the terms and  conditions of any Omega Loan
Document or increases in any material  respect the obligations or liabilities of
the lender or secured party  thereunder.  Agent shall not unreasonably  withhold
its consent to any  requested  amendment to an Omega Loan  Document,  so long as
such amendment would not cause an Event of Default under subsections 7.1(l), (m)
or (n) hereof.

     6.1.4.  Deemed Approval.  Within ten (10) Business Days after receiving all
information  reasonably  necessary  in order to  evaluate a proposed  amendment,
modification  or termination of any of the Leases,  the Lease  Guaranties or the
Omega  Loan  Documents,  if Agent  has not  either  approved  such  proposal  or
disapproved such proposal and provided a reasonably detailed written explanation
for such disapproval, then Agent shall be deemed to have approved such proposal.

     6.1.5.  Sun  Healthcare  Lease.  In  connection  with  the  Lease  with Sun
Healthcare  (the "Sun  Lease"),  Borrowers may amend or modify the Sun Lease and
provide new tenants at the Projects  covered by the Sun Lease that are listed on
Exhibit  6.1.5(a)  hereto,  so long as (a)  from  and  after  January  1,  2004,
aggregate  rent  payments  under the Sun Lease (as it may have been  amended  or
modified) and any new lease of any of the Projects which, as of the date hereof,
are the subject of the Sun Lease, are at least  sixty-five  percent (65%) of the
aggregate  rent  payments  which are listed on Exhibit  6.1.5(a)  hereto for the
Projects which, as of the date hereof, are the subject of the Sun Lease; (b) any
new lease  with a new  tenant at a Project  previously  covered by the Sun Lease
shall be  substantially  similar  to the lease in the form of  Exhibit  6.1.5(b)
hereto;  and (c) no Potential Default occurs under subsection 7.1(l), (m) or (n)
below as a result thereof.

     6.2. No Additional  Indebtedness.  No Borrower  shall,  without Agent's and
Lenders' prior written consent, incur additional indebtedness,  except for trade
payables in the ordinary course of business.

     6.3. No Commingling Funds. No Borrower shall commingle the funds related to
its respective Projects with funds from any other property.

     6.4. Lienable Work. No material excavation,  construction, earth work, site
work or any other  mechanic's  lienable  work that  costs in excess of  $125,000
shall be done to or for the benefit of any Property,  without Agent's  approval,
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed,  except for normal
repair and  maintenance  in the  ordinary  course of business and except for any
such  actions  which  may be taken  by a tenant  under  the  Leases  or an Omega
Mortgagor under the Omega Loan Documents without the consent of Borrowers.

     6.5.  Conversion.  Borrowers  shall not permit the  Projects or any portion
thereof to be converted,  and Borrowers shall not take any  preliminary  actions
which  could  lead  to a  conversion,  to  condominium  or  cooperative  form or
ownership.

     6.6. Use of Property.  Unless required by applicable  law,  Borrowers shall
not permit changes in the use of any material part of any Property from a Health
Care Facility. Borrowers shall not initiate or acquiesce in a change in the plat
of subdivision,  or zoning  classification of any Property without Agent's prior
written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

                                  ARTICLE VII
            Events of Default; Acceleration of Indebtedness; Remedies

     7.1. Events of Default.  The occurrence of any one or more of the following
events shall constitute an "Event of Default" under this Agreement:

     (a) (i) Failure of Borrowers to pay,  within five (5) days of the due date,
any scheduled payment under the Loan Documents (whether such amount is interest,
principal,  charge or reserve) or (ii) failure of  Borrowers to pay,  within the
time period specified in the applicable  provision of the Loan Documents,  or if
no such time period is  specified,  then within  twenty (20) days after  written
notice from Agent to Borrowers,  any other payment  obligations  of Borrowers to
Agent or Lenders under the Loan Documents  (items (i) and (ii) are  collectively
referred to as the "Indebtedness"); or

     (b) Failure of Borrowers to strictly  comply with the provisions of Section
4.17 (single asset entity) or Section 6.2 (no additional  indebtedness)  of this
Agreement; or

     (c) Breach of any covenant,  representation  or warranty  other than as set
forth in  subsections  (a) and (b) above which is not cured  within  thirty (30)
days after written notice thereof from Agent to Borrowers; provided, however, if
such breach cannot by its nature be cured within thirty (30) days, and Borrowers
diligently  pursue the curing  thereof (and then in all events cure such failure
within ninety (90) days after the original notice thereof),  Borrowers shall not
be in default  hereunder;  provided,  further,  that such cure period  shall not
apply to the breach of any  representation  or warranty which, by its nature, is
not curable; or

     (d) A petition  under any Chapter of Title 11 of the United  States Code or
any similar law or  regulation  is filed by or against any Borrower or Guarantor
(and in the case of an involuntary petition in bankruptcy,  such petition is not
discharged within ninety (90) days of its filing),  or a custodian,  receiver or
trustee for any Project is appointed and such  appointment is not vacated within
ninety  (90) days of its  filing  and which  thereafter  results  in a  Material
Adverse Effect, or any Borrower or Guarantor makes an assignment for the benefit
of  creditors,  or any of them are  adjudged  insolvent  by any state or federal
court of  competent  jurisdiction,  or any of them  admit  their  insolvency  or
inability to pay their debts as they become due or an attachment or execution is
levied  against any Project which is not vacated  within ninety (90) days of its
filing and which thereafter results in a Material Adverse Effect; or

     (e) The  occurrence of (i) an Event of Default,  as defined under any other
Loan  Document  or (ii) if Event of Default is not  defined,  a default  and the
expiration of any grace or cure periods  applicable thereto under any other Loan
Document; or

     (f) Any Borrower  shall default in the payment of any  indebtedness  (other
than the  Indebtedness)  or Guarantor or any of its Affiliates  shall default in
the payment of any  indebtedness  in excess of  $3,000,000  in the aggregate for
Guarantor,  Borrowers and all of their Affiliates,  and such default(s) is (are)
declared and is (are) not cured within the time, if any,  specified  therefor in
any agreement governing the same; or

     (g) Any  statement,  report or  certificate  prepared  by any  Borrower  or
Guarantor  and  delivered to Agent or any Lender by any Borrower or Guarantor is
not materially true and complete in all material  respects as of the date it was
prepared or delivered; or

     (h) There shall occur a Material Adverse Effect; or

     (i) Guarantor  ceases to own one hundred  percent  (100%) of the membership
interests of each LLC Borrower and one hundred percent (100%) of the outstanding
stock of each Corporate Borrower,  free and clear of all liens and encumbrances;
or

     (j) Any material provision of any Loan Document for any reason ceases to be
valid,  binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms (or any Borrower or
Guarantor  shall  challenge  the  enforceability  of any Loan  Document or shall
assert  in  writing,  or  engage in any  action  or  inaction  based on any such
assertion,  that any material  provision of any of the Loan Documents has ceased
to be or otherwise is not valid,  binding and enforceable in accordance with its
terms),  or any lien created  under any Loan  Document  ceases to be a valid and
perfected  first  priority  lien (except as otherwise  permitted  under the Loan
Documents or disclosed on Exhibit 3.4 hereto) in any of the Collateral purported
to be  covered  thereby,  other  than as a result of  Agent's  failure to record
and/or  file  where   and/or  when   appropriate   (based  on  each   Borrower's
representations)  the security  documents  required under the Loan Documents and
any required continuation statements; or

     (k) Any event  occurs,  whether  or not  insured or  insurable,  including,
without limitation, the revocation of any license required to operate the Health
Care  Facilities at any of the Projects as they were being operated  immediately
prior to such  revocation,  as a result  of which  revenue-producing  activities
cease or are substantially curtailed at any Property or Properties generating in
the aggregate  more than ten percent (10%) of Borrowers'  consolidated  revenues
for the fiscal  year  preceding  such event and such  cessation  or  curtailment
continues for more than thirty (30) days; or

     (l) The  aggregate  annualized  rent  payments  under the  Leases  plus the
aggregate  annualized  debt  service  payments  under the Omega  Loan  Documents
(taking into consideration any repaid debt) for the immediately  preceding three
(3)  month  period  (i)  is  less  than  eighty  percent  (80%)  of  the  amount
underwritten  by Agent or (ii) is less  than 1.75  times an amount  equal to the
aggregate payments of interest and principal due on the Loan for the same period
less any  payments  received  pursuant to the  Interest  Rate  Agreement,  to be
calculated on a quarterly basis, in each instance, beginning September 30, 2003;
or

     (m) The annualized  Adjusted Net Operating  Income of the Projects  (taking
into  consideration  any repaid debt under the Omega Loan  Documents) (i) is not
greater  than  seventy-seven  and  two  tenths  percent  (77.2%)  of the  amount
underwritten  by  Agent,  to  be  calculated  on  a  quarterly  basis  over  the
immediately  preceding  twelve  (12) month  period,  or (ii) does not provide an
aggregate  Debt  Coverage  Ratio of at least 1.75 to 1.00, to be calculated on a
quarterly basis over the immediately preceding twelve (12) month period, in each
instance, beginning September 30, 2003; or

     (n) More than  twenty-five  percent (25%) of the aggregate rent obligations
of tenants under the Leases and debt  obligations of the Omega  Mortgagors under
the Omega Loan  Documents  have not been paid for more than six (6)  consecutive
calendar months.

     Notwithstanding  the  foregoing  to the  contrary,  if  any  of the  events
specified  in  subsection  7.1(l),  (m),  or  (n)  above  occurs  (a  "Potential
Default"),  such  Potential  Default shall not be an Event of Default so long as
(1)  Borrowers  (or  Guarantor  on behalf  of  Borrowers)  continue  to make all
required debt service payments under the Loan Documents when due, (2) within ten
(10) Business Days of such Potential  Default,  Borrowers give written notice to
Agent that Borrowers elect to cure such Potential Default, and (3) within ninety
(90) days of such Potential Default, Borrowers have cured such Potential Default
to Agent's  reasonable  satisfaction  by any  combination of the following:  (W)
meeting or complying with such financial covenant, (X) repaying a portion of the
outstanding principal balance of the Loan, if applicable, together with any Exit
Fee then due,  (Y) pledging  additional  property  satisfactory  to Agent in its
reasonable  discretion as Collateral  for the Loan,  if  applicable,  and/or (Z)
pledging additional property  satisfactory to Agent in its reasonable discretion
as Collateral for the Loan in substitution for certain  Properties which are not
performing  satisfactorily  in Agent's  sole  opinion  (subject to the terms and
conditions of Section 2.2 above). In determining whether a proposed new Property
will be  satisfactory  to  Agent,  Agent  may  base  its  decision  on,  without
limitation,  a  title  commitment,  survey,  appraisal,   environmental  report,
financial  analysis,  and any other factors which Agent uses in its underwriting
process.  Without  limitation,  such  proposed new Property  must meet or exceed
Agent's  underwriting  standards used in connection with the initial Properties.
In  determining  whether a Property may be replaced as Collateral  for the Loan,
Agent shall use its reasonable discretion.  Borrowers shall promptly execute and
deliver any  documents  and  opinions of counsel  requested by Agent in order to
evidence that a new Property has been added as security for the Loan. During the
continuance  of any  Event of  Default  any  funds in the Lock  Box,  Collection
Account or Agent  Account may be applied by Agent  towards the  repayment of the
outstanding  principal  balance of the Loan.  Borrower  shall pay all reasonable
Costs  incurred  by  Agent  and/or  Lenders  in  connection  with  the cure of a
Potential Default.

     7.2. Acceleration; Remedies. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and
during the  continuance  thereof,  at the option of Agent or at the direction of
Requisite  Lenders,  the Indebtedness  shall become  immediately due and payable
upon written  notice to Borrowers and Agent and Lenders shall be entitled to all
of the  rights  and  remedies  provided  in the Loan  Documents  or at law or in
equity. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and written notice thereof to
Borrowers,  Agent may apply all payments and all proceeds of the  Collateral  in
any manner which Agent elects in connection  with the Loan. Each remedy provided
in the Loan Documents is distinct and cumulative to all other rights or remedies
under the Loan  Documents  or  afforded by law or equity,  and may be  exercised
concurrently, independently, or successively, in any order whatsoever.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                          Assignment and Participation

     8.1. Assignments and Participations.

     8.1.1. Assignments. GECC may from time to time assign, subject to the terms
of an Assignment and  Acceptance  Agreement in a form  prescribed by Agent,  its
rights and  delegate its  obligations  under this  Agreement  and the other Loan
Documents as a Lender to another Person. Subject to Agent's consent (which shall
not be unreasonably withheld), any Lender may assign its rights and delegate its
obligations  under this Agreement and other Loan Documents as a Lender  pursuant
to an Assignment and  Acceptance  Agreement in a form  prescribed by Agent.  Any
Lender so assigning its rights shall pay Agent a fee of $3,500 contemporaneously
with such assignment. In the case of an assignment authorized under this Section
8.1, the assignee shall have, to the extent of such assignment, the same rights,
benefits and  obligations  as it would if it were an initial  Lender  hereunder,
subject to the applicable  Assignment and  Acceptance  Agreement.  The assigning
Lender shall be relieved of its  obligations  hereunder  with respect to its Pro
Rata Share of the Loan or assigned portion thereof. Borrowers hereby acknowledge
and agree that any assignment will give rise to a direct obligation of Borrowers
to the  assignee  and  that the  assignee  shall  be  considered  to be a Lender
hereunder.  Except as provided in this  subsection  8.1.1,  and  notwithstanding
other  provisions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents  which may be to
the contrary,  no Lender shall assign or sell  participations in this Agreement,
the other Loan Documents or the Loan.

     "Pro Rata Share" means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage obtained
by dividing (i) the outstanding  principal amount of the Loan funded or required
hereunder to be funded by such Lender, plus such Lender's share of the Letter of
Credit Obligations,  by (ii) the outstanding  principal amount of the Loan, plus
the  amount of all  Letter  of Credit  Obligations,  as such  percentage  may be
adjusted by assignments permitted by this Section 8.1; provided, however, as not
every Lender's  proportion of the Term Loan  Commitments  and the Revolving Loan
Commitments is necessarily  the same, when used with respect to the Term Loan or
advances or prepayments thereof or to the sharing of Exit Fees, "Pro Rata Share"
shall mean, with respect to a Lender,  the percentage  obtained by dividing that
Lender's Term Loan Commitment by the aggregate  amount of all Lenders' Term Loan
Commitments;  and when  used with  respect  to  advances  or  repayments  of the
Revolving  Loan  and  other  matters  pertaining  to the  Revolving  Loan  under
subsection 1.1.2 (including fees for unborrowed availability),  subsection 1.1.3
(regarding the Swing Line Loan) and Letter of Credit  Obligations  and Exhibit B
(including fees pertaining  thereto),  "Pro Rata Share" shall mean, with respect
to a Lender,  the percentage  obtained by dividing that Lender's  Revolving Loan
Commitment by the aggregate amount of all Lenders' Revolving Loan Commitments.

     8.1.2.  Recording  of  Assignments.  Agent shall  maintain at its office in
Chicago,  Illinois a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance  Agreement delivered
to it and a register for the  recordation of the names and addresses of Lenders,
and the commitments  of, and principal  amount of the Loans owing to each Lender
pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the "Register").  The entries in
the Register shall be presumptive  evidence of the amounts due and owing to each
Lender in the absence of manifest  error.  Borrowers,  Agent and each Lender may
treat each Person whose name is recorded in the  Register  pursuant to the terms
hereof as a Lender  hereunder for all purposes of this  Agreement.  The Register
shall be available for inspection by Borrowers and any Lender, at any reasonable
time upon reasonable prior notice.

     8.1.3. Acceptance of Assignment by Agent. Subject to subsection 8.1.1, upon
its receipt of a duly completed  Assignment and Acceptance Agreement executed by
an assigning  Lender and its assignee  (together  with the Notes subject to such
assignment),  Agent shall (1) accept such  Assignment and Acceptance  Agreement,
(2) record the  information  contained  therein in the  Register to reflect such
Assignment  and  Acceptance  Agreement  and (3) give  prompt  notice  thereof to
Borrowers and Lenders.  Upon request by Agent,  Borrowers shall promptly execute
and deliver to Agent Notes evidencing the Indebtedness  owed by Borrowers to the
assignee and, if applicable,  the assigning  Lender,  after giving effect to the
assignment. Agent shall cancel the Notes delivered to it by the assigning Lender
and deliver the new Notes to the assignee and,  unless the assigning  Lender has
assigned all of its interests under this Agreement, the assigning Lender.

     8.1.4. Participations. Any Lender may sell (and buy back) participations in
all or any part of its interest in the Loan to (from) another Person. So long as
GECC remains the Agent, GECC shall not, through  assignments or  participations,
reduce  GECC's  aggregate  investment  in the Term Loan and its  Revolving  Loan
Commitment  (including  any  participations  it may  have  sold)  to  less  than
$25,000,000.  All amounts payable by Borrowers  hereunder shall be determined as
if a  Lender  had not  sold  such  participation  and  the  holder  of any  such
participation shall not be entitled to require Agent to take or omit to take any
action hereunder;  provided,  however, to the extent required in a participation
agreement  delivered to Agent,  a participant  may be entitled to consent to any
action directly  effecting (i) any reduction in the principal amount or interest
rate payable;  (ii) any extension of the date fixed for any payment of principal
or interest  payable;  or (iii) any release of all or  substantially  all of the
Collateral  (except if the sale,  disposition  or release of such  Collateral is
permitted  hereunder  or  under  any  other  Loan  Document).  Borrowers  hereby
acknowledge  and  agree  that  any  participation  will  give  rise to a  direct
obligation  of  Borrowers  to the  participant,  and the  participant  shall for
purposes of Sections 8.4 and 9.7 be considered to be a Lender hereunder.

     8.1.5. Other Matters.  Except as otherwise provided in this Section 8.1, no
Lender shall,  as between  Borrowers and that Lender,  be relieved of any of its
obligations  hereunder  as a result  of any  assignment  of,  or  granting  of a
participation  in, all or any part of the Loans,  the Notes, the Indebtedness or
other  obligations owed to such Lender.  Each Lender may furnish any information
concerning Borrowers and Guarantor in the possession of that Lender from time to
time  to  assignees  and  participants   (including  prospective  assignees  and
participants).  Borrowers agree that they will use their commercially reasonable
efforts  to  assist  and  cooperate  with  Agent and any  Lender  in any  manner
reasonably  requested  by  Agent  or  such  Lender  to  effect  the  sale  of  a
participation or an assignment  described above,  including  without  limitation
assistance in the preparation of appropriate  disclosure  documents or placement
memoranda.

     8.2. Agent.

     8.2.1. Appointment.  Each Lender hereby designates and appoints GECC as its
Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,  and each Lender hereby
irrevocably  authorizes  Agent to execute and deliver the Loan  Documents and to
take such action or to refrain  from taking such action on its behalf  under the
provisions of this  Agreement and the other Loan  Documents and to exercise such
powers as are set forth  herein or therein,  together  with such other powers as
are reasonably  incidental thereto.  Agent is authorized and empowered to amend,
modify, or waive any provisions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents on
behalf of Lenders subject to the requirement that certain of Lenders' consent be
obtained  in certain  instances  as provided  in this  Section 8.2 and 8.3.  The
provisions  of this  Section 8.2 are solely for the benefit of Agent and Lenders
and  neither  Borrowers  nor any other  Person  shall have any rights as a third
party  beneficiary of any of the provisions  hereof. In performing its functions
and duties under this Agreement,  Agent shall act solely as agent of Lenders and
does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation toward or
relationship of agency or trust with or for Borrowers or any other Person. Agent
may  perform any of its duties  hereunder,  or under the Loan  Documents,  by or
through its agents or employees.

     8.2.2.  Nature of  Duties.  The  duties of Agent  shall be  mechanical  and
administrative  in nature.  Agent  shall not have by reason of this  Agreement a
fiduciary  relationship  in respect of any Lender.  Nothing in this Agreement or
any of the Loan  Documents,  express  or  implied,  is  intended  to or shall be
construed to impose upon Agent any  obligations  in respect of this Agreement or
any of the Loan Documents except as expressly set forth herein or therein.  Each
Lender shall make its own independent  investigation of the financial  condition
and affairs of  Borrowers,  the Projects and  Guarantor in  connection  with the
extension  of  credit  hereunder  and  shall  make  its  own  appraisal  of  the
creditworthiness  of Borrowers  and Guarantor and the viability of the Projects,
and  Agent  shall  have no  duty or  responsibility,  either  initially  or on a
continuing  basis,  to provide any Lender  with any credit or other  information
with respect thereto (other than as expressly  required herein).  If Agent seeks
the consent or approval of any Lenders to the taking or  refraining  from taking
any action hereunder, then Agent shall send notice thereof to each Lender. Agent
shall  promptly  notify each  Lender any time that the  Requisite  Lenders  have
instructed Agent to act or refrain from acting pursuant hereto.

     8.2.3.  Rights,  Exculpation,  Etc.  Neither Agent nor any of its officers,
directors,  employees  or agents  shall be liable to any  Lender  for any action
taken or omitted by them  hereunder  or under any of the Loan  Documents,  or in
connection  herewith  or  therewith,  except  that Agent  shall be liable to the
extent of its own gross  negligence  or willful  misconduct  as  determined by a
court of competent jurisdiction. Agent shall not be liable for any apportionment
or  distribution  of  payments  made  by  it in  good  faith  and  if  any  such
apportionment  or distribution  is subsequently  determined to have been made in
error the sole recourse of any Lender to whom payment was due but not made shall
be to recover  from other  Lenders  any payment in excess of the amount to which
they are  determined  to be entitled  (and such other  Lenders  hereby  agree to
return  to such  Lender  any such  erroneous  payments  received  by  them).  In
performing  its functions and duties  hereunder,  Agent shall  exercise the same
care which it would in dealing with loans for its own account, but neither Agent
nor any of its agents or representatives  shall be responsible to any Lender for
any  recitals,  statements,  representations  or  warranties  herein  or for the
execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, enforceability, collectibility,
or  sufficiency  of  this  Agreement  or  any  of  the  Loan  Documents  or  the
transactions  contemplated  thereby,  or for the  financial  condition of any of
Borrowers, Guarantor or Lenders. Agent shall not be required to make any inquiry
concerning either the performance or observance of any of the terms,  provisions
or  conditions of this  Agreement or any of the Loan  Documents or the financial
condition  of any of  Borrowers,  Guarantor  or  Lenders,  or the  existence  or
possible  existence of any default  hereunder or Event of Default.  Agent may at
any time  request  instructions  from  Lenders  with  respect to any  actions or
approvals  which by the terms of this  Agreement or of any of the Loan Documents
Agent is permitted or required to take or to grant, and if such instructions are
promptly  requested,  Agent shall be absolutely  entitled to refrain from taking
any action or to  withhold  any  approval  and shall not be under any  liability
whatsoever  to any Person for  refraining  from any  action or  withholding  any
approval  under any of the Loan  Documents  until it shall  have  received  such
instructions  from Requisite Lenders or all or such other portion of the Lenders
as shall be prescribed by this  Agreement.  Without  limiting the foregoing,  no
Lender shall have any right of action  whatsoever  against  Agent as a result of
Agent acting or refraining  from acting under this Agreement or any of the other
Loan Documents in accordance  with the  instructions  of Requisite  Lenders and,
notwithstanding  the  instructions  of  Requisite  Lenders,  Agent shall have no
obligation  to take any action if it believes,  in good faith,  that such action
exposes  Agent  to any  liability  for  which it has not  received  satisfactory
indemnification in accordance with subsection 8.2.5 below.

     "Requisite  Lenders" means Lenders (other than  Defaulting  Lenders) having
sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) or more of the outstanding  principal
balance of the Loan of all Lenders that are not Defaulting Lenders.

     8.2.4.  Reliance.  Agent  shall be  entitled  to rely,  and  shall be fully
protected   in  relying,   upon  any  written  or  oral   notices,   statements,
certificates,  orders  or other  documents  or any  telephone  message  or other
communication  (including any writing, telex, facsimile,  telecopy,  telegram or
email)  believed  by it in good faith to be genuine and correct and to have been
signed,  sent or made by the proper  Person,  and with  respect  to all  matters
pertaining  to this  Agreement  or any of the  Loan  Documents  and  its  duties
hereunder  or  thereunder.  Agent  shall be  entitled to rely upon the advice of
legal counsel,  independent accountants,  and other experts selected by Agent in
its sole discretion.

     8.2.5. Indemnification.  Lenders will reimburse and indemnify Agent for and
against  any and  all  liabilities,  obligations,  losses,  damages,  penalties,
actions,  judgments,  suits,  costs,  expenses  (including,  without limitation,
attorneys' fees and expenses),  advances or  disbursements of any kind or nature
whatsoever  which may be imposed on,  incurred by, or asserted  against Agent in
any  way  relating  to or  arising  out of  this  Agreement  or any of the  Loan
Documents or any action taken or omitted by Agent under this Agreement or any of
the Loan Documents,  in proportion to each Lender's Pro Rata Share,  but only to
the extent that any of the foregoing is not  reimbursed by Borrowers;  provided,
however,  that no Lender  shall be liable for any  portion of such  liabilities,
obligations,  losses,  damages,  penalties,  actions,  judgments,  suits, costs,
expenses,  advances or  disbursements to the extent resulting from Agent's gross
negligence  or  willful  misconduct  as  determined  by  a  court  of  competent
jurisdiction.  If any indemnity furnished to Agent for any purpose shall, in the
opinion  of  Agent,  be  insufficient  or  become  impaired,  Agent may call for
additional  indemnity  and cease,  or not commence,  to do the acts  indemnified
against even if so directed by Requisite Lenders until such additional indemnity
is  furnished.  The  obligations  of Lenders under this  subsection  8.2.5 shall
survive the payment in full of the  Indebtedness  and the performance in full of
all other  obligations  of Borrowers or Guarantor to Agent and/or  Lenders under
any of the Loan Documents (collectively,  the "Obligations") and the termination
of this Agreement.

     8.2.6. GECC  Individually.  With respect to its obligations under the Loan,
GECC shall have and may  exercise  the same rights and powers  hereunder  and is
subject to the same  obligations  and liabilities as and to the extent set forth
herein  for any  other  Lender.  The  terms  "Lenders"  (as  defined  above)  or
"Requisite  Lenders"  or any similar  terms  shall,  unless the context  clearly
otherwise indicates,  include GECC in its individual capacity as a Lender or one
of the  Requisite  Lenders.  GECC may lend  money  to,  acquire  equity or other
ownership  interests in, and generally  engage in any kind of banking,  trust or
other business as if it were not acting as Agent pursuant hereto.

     8.2.7. Successor Agent.

     (a)  Resignation.  Agent may resign from the  performance of all its agency
functions  and  duties  hereunder  at any time by  giving at least  thirty  (30)
Business  Days'  prior  written  notice  to  Borrowers  and  the  Lenders.  Such
resignation  shall take  effect  upon the  acceptance  by a  successor  Agent of
appointment pursuant to clause (b) below or as otherwise provided below.

     (b) Appointment of Successor.  Upon any such notice of resignation pursuant
to clause (a) above,  Requisite  Lenders shall appoint a successor  Agent which,
unless an Event of  Default  by  Borrowers  or  Guarantor  has  occurred  and is
continuing  under  the  Loan  Documents,   shall  be  reasonably  acceptable  to
Borrowers.  If a  successor  Agent shall not have been so  appointed  within the
thirty (30)  Business Day period  referred to in clause (a) above,  the retiring
Agent,  upon written notice to Borrowers,  shall then appoint a successor  Agent
who shall serve as Agent until such time, if any, as Requisite Lenders appoint a
successor Agent as provided above. A successor Agent shall be either a Lender or
a  commercial  entity with  assets of at least $5 billion and with  demonstrated
experience in performing the duties of an agent under similar loan agreements.

     (c) Successor Agent.  Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Agent under
the Loan Documents by a successor  Agent,  such successor  Agent shall thereupon
succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers,  privileges and duties
of the retiring  Agent,  and the  retiring  Agent shall be  discharged  from its
duties and  obligations  under the Loan  Documents.  After any retiring  Agent's
resignation  as Agent,  the  provisions  of this  Section 8.2 shall inure to its
benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent.

     (d) Release of Collateral.  Lenders hereby irrevocably  authorize Agent, at
its option and in its  discretion,  to  release  any lien  granted to or held by
Agent upon any  Collateral  (i) upon  termination  of the Loan and  payment  and
satisfaction  of  all  Indebtedness  and  Obligations   (other  than  contingent
indemnification  obligations  to the extent no claims  giving rise  thereto have
been  asserted);  or (ii)  constituting  property  being sold or  disposed or if
Borrowers  certify to Agent that the sale or  disposition  is made in compliance
with  the  provisions  of this  Agreement  (and  Agent  may  rely in good  faith
conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry).

     8.2.8. Collateral Matters.

     (a) Confirmation of Authority; Execution of Releases. Without in any manner
limiting Agent's authority to act without any specific or further  authorization
or consent by Lenders (as set forth in this  subsection  8.2.8(a)),  each Lender
agrees to confirm in writing, upon request by Agent or Borrowers,  the authority
to release any  Collateral  conferred  upon Agent.  Upon receipt by Agent of any
required confirmation from the Requisite Lenders of its authority to release any
particular item or types of Collateral, and upon at least ten (10) Business Days
prior  written  request by  Borrowers,  Agent  shall (and is hereby  irrevocably
authorized by Lenders to) execute such documents as may be necessary to evidence
the  release  of the liens  granted  to Agent  upon such  Collateral;  provided,
however,  that (i) Agent shall not be  required to execute any such  document on
terms which, in Agent's  opinion,  would expose Agent to liability or create any
obligation  or entail  any  consequence  other  than the  release  of such liens
without  recourse or  warranty,  and (ii) such  release  shall not in any manner
discharge,  affect or impair the  Indebtedness  or Obligations or any liens upon
(or  obligations  of any Lender,  in respect of), all interests  retained by any
Lender,  including  (without  limitation) the proceeds of any sale, all of which
shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral.

     (b)  Absence of Duty.  Agent  shall have no  obligation  whatsoever  to any
Lender or any  other  Person to assure  that the  property  covered  by the Loan
Documents exists or is owned by Borrowers, or is cared for, protected or insured
or has been  encumbered or that the liens granted to Agent have been properly or
sufficiently  or  lawfully  created,  perfected,  protected  or  enforced or are
entitled to any particular priority,  or to exercise at all or in any particular
manner  or under  any duty of  care,  disclosure  or  fidelity,  or to  continue
exercising,  any of the rights,  authorities  and powers granted or available to
Agent  in this  subsection  8.2.8  or in any of the  Loan  Documents,  it  being
understood  and  agreed  that in  respect  of the  property  covered by the Loan
Documents or any act,  omission or event related  thereto,  Agent may act in any
manner it may deem appropriate, in its discretion, given Agent's own interest in
property  covered by the Loan  Documents  as one of the  Lenders  and that Agent
shall have no duty or liability whatsoever to any of the other Lenders, provided
that Agent shall exercise the same care which it would in dealing with loans for
its own account.

     (c)  Agency  Provisions  Relating  to  Collateral.  (i) The Agent is hereby
authorized  on behalf of all Lenders,  without the necessity of any notice to or
further consent from any Lender,  at any time and from time to time, to take any
actions with respect to any  Collateral  for the Loan or any Loan Document which
may be  necessary to preserve and  maintain  such  Collateral  or to perfect and
maintain  perfected  the liens upon such  Collateral  granted  pursuant  to this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

          (i) Should the Agent  commence  any  proceeding  or in any way seek to
     enforce  the  Agent's or the  Lenders'  rights or  remedies  under the Loan
     Documents,  irrespective  of whether as a result  thereof  the Agent  shall
     acquire title to any  Collateral,  each Lender,  upon demand  therefor from
     time to time,  shall  contribute its Pro Rata Share of the reasonable costs
     and/or expenses of any such enforcement or acquisition,  including, but not
     limited to, fees of  receivers  or trustees,  court  costs,  title  company
     charges,  filing and recording fees, appraiser's fees and fees and expenses
     of attorneys to the extent not otherwise  reimbursed by Borrowers.  Without
     limiting the generality of the foregoing,  each Lender shall contribute its
     Pro Rata Share of all reasonable out of pocket costs and expenses  incurred
     by the  Agent  (including  reasonable  attorneys'  fees  and  expenses  but
     excluding any administrative  fees payable to Agent hereunder) if the Agent
     employs counsel for advice or other representation (whether or not any suit
     has been or shall be filed) with respect to any  Collateral for the Loan or
     any part thereof,  or any of the Loan Documents,  or the attempt to enforce
     any security  interest or lien on any Collateral,  or to enforce any rights
     of the Agent or the  Lenders  or any of  Borrowers'  or any  other  party's
     obligations  under any of the Loan  Documents,  but not with respect to any
     dispute  between any Agent and any other  Lender(s).  It is understood  and
     agreed that in the event the Agent  determines  it is  necessary  to engage
     counsel for Lenders from and after the  occurrence of a default or an Event
     of Default,  said counsel shall be selected by the Agent and written notice
     of  such  selection,  together  with a copy of  such  counsel's  engagement
     letter, shall be delivered to the Lenders.

          (ii) In the event that all or any  portion of the  Collateral  for the
     Loan is acquired by the Agent as the result of the exercise of any remedies
     hereunder or under any other Loan Document,  or is retained in satisfaction
     of all or any part of  Borrowers'  obligations  under  the Loan  Documents,
     title to any such  Collateral  or any portion  thereof shall be held in the
     name of one or more of the Agent or a nominee or  subsidiary  of the Agent,
     as agent,  for the ratable benefit of the Agent and the Lenders.  The Agent
     shall  prepare a  recommended  course of action  for such  Collateral  (the
     "Post-Default  Plan"),  which  shall  be  subject  to the  approval  of the
     Requisite Lenders.  The Agent shall administer the Collateral in accordance
     with the Post Default  Plan,  and upon demand  therefor  from time to time,
     each Lender will  contribute  its Pro Rata Share of all  reasonable  out of
     pocket  costs  and  expenses   incurred  by  the  Agent   pursuant  to  the
     Post-Default Plan,  including without limitation,  any operating losses and
     all  necessary  operating  reserves.  To the extent there is net  operating
     income  from such  Collateral,  the Agent  shall,  in  accordance  with the
     Post-Default  Plan,  determine  the amount and timing of  distributions  to
     Lenders. All such distributions shall be made to Lenders in accordance with
     their  respective Pro Rata Share.  In no event shall the provisions of this
     subsection or the Post-Default Plan require any Agent or any Lender to take
     an action  which would cause such Agent or Lender to be in violation of any
     applicable regulatory requirements.

     (d) Lender Actions Against Borrowers or the Collateral.  Each Lender agrees
that it will not take any action,  nor  institute  any  actions or  proceedings,
against  Borrowers,  Guarantor or any other Person  hereunder or under any other
Loan Documents with respect to exercising  claims against Borrowers or Guarantor
or rights in any Collateral without the consent of the Requisite  Lenders.  With
respect  to any action by the Agent to enforce  the rights and  remedies  of the
Agent and Lenders with respect to the  Borrowers or Guarantor or any  Collateral
in accordance with the terms of this  Agreement,  each Lender hereby consents to
the jurisdiction of the court in which such action is maintained.

     8.2.9.  Agency for  Perfection.  Agent and each Lender hereby  appoint each
other as agent for the purpose of perfecting Agent's security interest in assets
which,  in  accordance  with  the  UCC in any  applicable  jurisdiction,  can be
perfected  only by  possession.  Should any Lender  (other  than  Agent)  obtain
possession  of any such assets,  such Lender shall  notify Agent  thereof,  and,
promptly upon Agent's request therefor, shall deliver such assets to Agent or in
accordance with Agent's  instructions.  Each Lender agrees that it will not have
any right  individually  to enforce or seek to enforce  any Loan  Document or to
realize upon any collateral security for the Loans unless instructed to do so by
Agent,  it being  understood  and agreed  that such rights and  remedies  may be
exercised only by Agent.

     8.2.10.  Notice of Default.  Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or
notice of the  occurrence of any default or Event of Default except with respect
to defaults in the payment of  principal,  interest and fees required to be paid
to Agent for the account of Lenders,  unless Agent shall have  received  written
notice from a Lender or Borrowers  referring to this Agreement,  describing such
default and stating that such notice is a "notice of default". Agent will notify
each Lender of its receipt of any such notice. Agent shall take such action with
respect to such  default or Event of Default as may be  requested  by  Requisite
Lenders  in  accordance  with this  Article  VIII.  Unless  and until  Agent has
received any such  request,  Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such
action,  or refrain  from  taking  such  action,  with  respect to such Event of
Default  as it  shall  deem  advisable  or in the  best  interests  of  Lenders.
Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary,  upon the occurrence of a default
or an Event of Default,  Agent may, but absent direction to do so from Requisite
Lenders, Agent shall be under no obligation to, send a notice of such default or
Event of Default to Borrowers and/or Guarantor;  provided, if Agent sends such a
notice, it shall send a copy thereof to each Lender.

     8.2.11.  Employment  of Agents and Counsel.  The Agent may undertake any of
its duties as Agent  hereunder  and under any other Loan  Document by or through
employees,  agents,  and  attorneys-in-fact  and shall not be liable to Lenders,
except as to money or securities  received by them or their  authorized  agents,
for the default or misconduct of any such agents or  attorneys-in-fact  selected
by it with  reasonable  care.  The Agent  shall be entitled to advice of counsel
concerning  all matters  pertaining to the agency hereby  created and its duties
hereunder and under any other Loan Document.

     8.2.12. Notice of Agent Consent. If Agent grants its written consent to any
matter  requested by Borrowers or Guarantor,  Agent shall provide written notice
thereof to the other Lenders.

     8.3. Amendments, Consents and Waivers.

     8.3.1.  Except as  otherwise  provided in Section  8.2,this  Section 8.3 or
Section 9.16, and except as to matters set forth in other subsections  hereof or
in any other Loan  Document as requiring  only Agent's  consent,  the consent of
Requisite  Lenders,  Borrowers and Guarantor will be required to amend,  modify,
terminate,  or waive any  provision  of this  Agreement or any of the other Loan
Documents.

     8.3.2.  In the event  Agent  requests  the consent of a Lender and does not
receive a written  consent or denial thereof within ten (10) Business Days after
such Lender's  receipt of such request,  then such Lender will be deemed to have
denied the giving of such consent.

     8.4.  Set Off and  Sharing of  Payments.  In  addition to any rights now or
hereafter  granted under applicable law and not by way of limitation of any such
rights,  during the  continuance of any Event of Default,  each Lender is hereby
authorized by Borrowers at any time or from time to time, with reasonably prompt
written  notice to Borrowers (any prior or  contemporaneous  notice being hereby
expressly  waived)  to set off and to  appropriate  and to apply any and all (a)
balances held by such Lender at any of its offices for the account of Borrowers,
and (b) other  property  at any time held or owing by such  Lender to or for the
credit or for the  account of  Borrowers,  against  and on account of any of the
Indebtedness or Obligations; except that no Lender shall exercise any such right
without the prior written consent of Agent. Any Lender exercising a right to set
off shall purchase for cash (and the other Lenders shall sell) interests in each
of such other  Lender's Pro Rata Share of the  Indebtedness  or  Obligations  as
would be necessary to cause all Lenders to share the amount so set off with each
other Lender in  accordance  with their  respective  Pro Rata Shares.  Borrowers
agree, to the fullest extent  permitted by law, that any Lender may exercise its
right to set off with  respect to amounts in excess of its Pro Rata Share of the
Indebtedness  or Obligations  and upon doing so shall deliver such amount so set
off to the Agent for the  benefit of all  Lenders in  accordance  with their Pro
Rata Shares.

     8.5. Disbursement of Funds. Agent may, on behalf of Lenders, disburse funds
to  Borrowers  for  advances  of the  Loan  requested  in  compliance  with  the
provisions of this Loan  Agreement.  Each Lender shall reimburse Agent on demand
for all funds  disbursed on its behalf by Agent,  or if Agent so requests,  each
Lender  will remit to Agent its Pro Rata Share of any portion of the Loan before
Agent  disburses same to Borrowers.  If Agent elects to require that each Lender
make funds  available to Agent,  prior to a disbursement  by Agent to Borrowers,
Agent shall advise each Lender by telephone, email, facsimile or telecopy of the
amount of such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the advance  requested by Borrowers no
later than 10:00 a.m. Chicago time on the funding date applicable  thereto,  and
each such Lender shall pay Agent such Lender's Pro Rata Share of such  requested
advance,  in same day funds, by wire transfer to Agent's account on such funding
date. If any Lender fails to pay the amount of its Pro Rata Share within one (1)
Business Day after Agent's demand,  Agent shall promptly notify  Borrowers,  and
Borrowers shall immediately  repay such amount to Agent. Any repayment  required
pursuant  to this  Section  8.5 shall be without  premium or  penalty,  but with
interest at the Interest Rate.  Nothing in this Section 8.5 or elsewhere in this
Agreement  or  the  other  Loan  Documents,  including  without  limitation  the
provisions of Section 8.6,  shall be deemed to require Agent to advance funds on
behalf of any Lender or to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its
commitments  hereunder  or to prejudice  any rights that Agent or Borrowers  may
have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder.

     8.6. Disbursements of Advances; Payment.

     8.6.1. Revolving Loan Advances, Payments and Settlements;  Interest and Fee
Payments.

     (a) Each  Lender's  obligation  to fund its portion of any advances made by
Agent to Borrowers  will  commence on the date such  advances are made by Agent.
Such  payments  will be made by such Lender  without  set-off,  counterclaim  or
reduction of any kind.

     (b) Agent will advise each Lender  periodically by email or telecopy of the
amount of such  Lender's  Pro Rata Share of the Loan  balance as of a particular
date (the "Settlement Date"). In the event that payments are necessary to adjust
the amount of such Lender's  required Pro Rata Share of the Loan balance to such
Lender's  actual Pro Rata Share of the Loan balance as of any  Settlement  Date,
the party from which such payment is due will pay the other,  in same day funds,
by wire transfer to the other's account not later than 3:00 p.m. Chicago time on
the Business Day following the Settlement Date.

     (c) For  purposes  of this  subsection  8.6.1(c)  the  following  terms and
conditions will have the meanings indicated:

          (1) "Daily Loan Balance"  means an amount  calculated as of the end of
     each calendar day by subtracting (i) the cumulative  principal  amount paid
     by  Agent to a  Lender  on the Loan  from  the  Closing  Date  through  and
     including such calendar day, from (ii) the cumulative  principal  amount on
     the Loan advanced by such Lender to Agent on the Loan from the Closing Date
     through and including such calendar day.

          (2) "Daily  Interest Rate" means an amount  calculated by dividing the
     interest rate payable to a Lender on the Loan (as set forth in Section 1.3)
     as of each calendar day by three hundred sixty (360).

          (3) "Daily Interest Amount" means an amount  calculated by multiplying
     the Daily Loan Balance of the Loan by the associated Daily Interest Rate on
     the Loan.

          (4) "Interest  Ratio" means a number  calculated by dividing the total
     amount of the  interest on the Loan  received by Agent with  respect to the
     immediately preceding month by the total amount of interest on the Loan due
     from Borrowers during the immediately preceding month.

On the first (1st)  Business  Day of each month  ("Interest  Settlement  Date"),
Agent will advise each Lender by  telephone,  email or telecopy of the amount of
such  Lender's  Pro Rata Share of interest and fees on the Loan as of the end of
the last day of the immediately  preceding month.  Provided that such Lender has
made all payments required to be made by it under this Agreement, Agent will pay
to such Lender,  by wire transfer to such Lender's account (as specified by such
Lender  on the  signature  page  of the  applicable  Assignment  and  Acceptance
Agreement,  as amended by such Lender  from time to time  pursuant to the notice
provisions  contained  herein or in the  applicable  Assignment  and  Acceptance
Agreement)  not later than 3:00 p.m.  Chicago  time on the  Interest  Settlement
Date,  such  Lender's  Pro Rata  Share of  interest  and fees on the Loan.  Such
Lender's  Pro Rata Share of  interest on the Loan will be  calculated  by adding
together the Daily Interest Amounts for each calendar day of the prior month and
multiplying  the total  thereof by the Interest  Ratio.  Such  Lender's Pro Rata
Share of the Exit Fee described in Section 1.6 shall be paid and calculated in a
manner  consistent  with the payment and calculation of interest as described in
this subsection 8.6.1(C).

     8.6.2. Term Loan Principal Payments. Payments of principal of the Loan will
be settled as provided in subsection 8.7.1.

     8.6.3.  Availability  of Lender's  Pro Rata Share.  Unless Agent shall have
received  notice from a Lender prior to a disbursement  under the Loan that such
Lender will not make available its Pro Rata Share of the Loan,  Agent may assume
that such Lender has made such amount  available  to Agent on the  Business  Day
following  the next  Settlement  Date.  If a Lender has not in fact made its Pro
Rata Share  available to the Agent on such date (any such Lender,  a "Defaulting
Lender"),  then the Defaulting  Lender and Borrowers  severally  agree to pay to
Agent forthwith on demand such amount without set-off, counterclaim or deduction
of any kind, together with interest thereon, for each day from and including the
date such amount is made  available  to Agent by  Borrowers  or such  Defaulting
Lender to but excluding the date of payment to Agent,  at (a) in the case of the
Defaulting  Lender,  the greater of the Federal Funds  Effective Rate and a rate
determined  by Agent in  accordance  with  banking  industry  rules on interbank
compensation  or (b) in the case of  Borrowers,  the  Interest  Rate  under this
Agreement with respect to the Loan.

     8.7. Payments.

     8.7.1. Distribution and Apportionment of Payments.

     (a) Subject to subsection 8.7.1(b), payments actually received by Agent for
the account of the Lenders shall be paid to them promptly after receipt  thereof
by Agent,  but in any event within one (1) Business Day,  provided  that, if any
such  payments are not  distributed  to the Lenders  within one (1) Business Day
after Agent's receipt thereof, Agent shall pay to such Lenders interest thereon,
at the lesser of (i) the overnight cost of funds at which federal funds are made
available to the Agent (such interest rate to change automatically  effective as
of the date of each change in the overnight  cost of federal  funds) and (ii) if
the applicable payment represents repayment of a portion of the principal of the
Loan, the Interest  Rate,  from the date of receipt of such funds by Agent until
such funds are paid in immediately available funds to such Lenders provided such
funds are received by Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (Chicago time) on the date
of receipt.  All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Loan,  all
payments of the fees  described in this  Agreement  (but not in any separate fee
letter except to the extent  expressly set forth  therein),  and all payments in
respect of any other  obligations of Borrowers under the Loan Documents shall be
allocated among such of Lenders as are entitled thereto,  in proportion to their
respective Pro Rata Shares or otherwise as provided  herein or in the other Loan
Documents or in the Assignment and  Acceptance  Agreements,  as the case may be.
The Agent  shall  distribute  to each  Lender at its  primary  address set forth
herein or in its Assignment and Acceptance  Agreement,  or at such other address
as a Lender may request in writing, such funds as it may be entitled to receive,
provided  that the  Agent  shall in any event  not be bound to  inquire  into or
determine the validity,  scope or priority of any interest or entitlement of any
Lender and may suspend  all  payments  and seek  appropriate  relief  (including
without limitation  instructions from the Requisite Lenders,  or all Lenders, as
applicable,  or an action in the  nature  of  interpleader)  in the event of any
doubt or dispute as to any  apportionment or distribution  contemplated  hereby.
The order of priority  herein is set forth  solely to  determine  the rights and
priorities of the Lenders as among  themselves  and may at any time or from time
to time be  changed  by the  Lenders  as they may  elect,  in  writing,  without
necessity of notice to or consent of or approval by Borrowers.

     (b) If a Lender (a "Defaulting  Lender")  defaults in making any advance or
paying any other sum payable by it  hereunder,  such sum together  with interest
thereon at the  Interest  Rate from the date such  amount  was due until  repaid
(such sum and interest thereon as aforesaid  referred to,  collectively,  as the
"Lender Default  Obligation")  shall be payable by the Defaulting  Lender (i) to
any  Lender(s)  which elect,  at their sole option (and with no obligation to do
so), to fund the amount which the  Defaulting  Lender  failed to fund or (ii) to
the Agent or any  other  Lender  which  under  the  terms of this  Agreement  is
entitled to reimbursement from the Defaulting Lender for the amounts advanced or
expended.  Notwithstanding any provision hereof to the contrary, until such time
as the Defaulting  Lender has repaid the Lender  Default  Obligation in full (i)
all amounts which would otherwise be distributed to the Defaulting  Lender shall
instead be applied first to repay the Lender  Default  Obligation (to be applied
first to interest at the Interest Rate and then to  principal)  until the Lender
Default  Obligation  has been repaid in full (whether by such  application or by
cure by the  Defaulting  Lender)  whereupon  such  Lender  shall no  longer be a
Defaulting  Lender,  and (ii) the  Defaulting  Lender's  right to  consent to or
approve of matters  which are subject to the  consent or  approval of  Requisite
Lenders or all  Lenders  shall be  suspended,  and for  purposes  of consent and
approval  the  definition  of  "Requisite  Lenders" and "all  Lenders"  shall be
modified as if the Defaulting Lender were not a Lender.  Any interest  collected
from Borrowers on account of principal  advanced by any Lender(s) on behalf of a
Defaulting Lender shall be paid to the Lender(s) who made such advance and shall
be credited  against the Defaulting  Lender's  obligation to pay interest on the
amount advanced at the Interest Rate. The provisions of this Section shall apply
and be effective  regardless  of whether an Event of Default  occurs and is then
continuing, and notwithstanding (i) any other provision of this Agreement to the
contrary,  (ii) any instruction of Borrowers as to their desired  application of
payments or (iii) the  suspension of such  Defaulting  Lender's right to vote on
matters  which are subject to the consent or approval of Requisite  Lenders,  or
all  Lenders.  The Agent shall be entitled  to (i)  withhold or set off,  and to
apply to the payment of the Lender Default  Obligation any amounts to be paid to
such Defaulting  Lender under this  Agreement,  and (ii) bring an action or suit
against such Defaulting  Lender in a court of competent  jurisdiction to recover
the Lender Default  Obligation  and, to the extent such recovery would not fully
compensate  the Agent and Lenders  for the  Defaulting  Lender's  breach of this
Agreement,  to  collect  damages.  In  addition,  the  Defaulting  Lender  shall
indemnify, defend and hold Agent and each of the other Lenders harmless from and
against any and all claims,  actions,  liabilities,  damages, costs and expenses
(including attorneys' fees and expenses),  plus interest thereon at the Interest
Rate,  for  funds  advanced  by Agent or any  other  Lender  on  account  of the
Defaulting  Lender or any other  damages  such  entities may sustain or incur by
reason of or as a direct  consequence  of the  Defaulting  Lender's  failure  or
refusal to abide by its obligations under this Agreement.

     (c) At least  five (5)  Business  Days  prior  to the  first  date on which
interest or fees are  payable  hereunder  for the  account of any  Lender,  each
Lender that is not incorporated  under the laws of the United States of America,
or a state thereof,  agrees that it will deliver to the Agent two duly completed
copies of United States Internal  Revenue Service Form 1001 or 4224,  certifying
in either  case that such  Lender is  entitled  to receive  payments  under this
Agreement and the Notes without  deduction or  withholding  of any United States
federal income taxes.  Each Lender which so delivers a Form 1001 or 4224 further
undertakes  to  deliver  to the Agent two  additional  copies of such form (or a
successor form) on or before the date that such form expires or becomes obsolete
or after the occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent forms
so  delivered  by it, and such  amendments  thereto or  extensions  or  renewals
thereof as may be  reasonably  requested by the Agent,  in each case  certifying
that such Lender is entitled to receive  payments  under this  Agreement and the
Notes  without  deduction or  withholding  of any United States  federal  income
taxes,  unless an event (including  without limitation any change in treaty, law
or  regulation)  has occurred prior to the date on which any such delivery would
otherwise be required which renders all such forms  inapplicable  or which would
prevent  such  Lender from duly  completing  and  delivering  any such form with
respect  to it and such  Lender  advises  the Agent  that it is not  capable  of
receiving payments without any deduction or withholding of United States federal
income tax.

     8.7.2. Return of Payments.

     (a) If Agent pays an amount to a Lender under this  Agreement in the belief
or expectation that a related payment has been or will be received by Agent from
Borrowers or Guarantor and such related  payment is not received by Agent,  then
Agent will be entitled to recover such amount from such Lender without  set-off,
counterclaim or deduction of any kind together with interest  thereon,  for each
day from and including  the date such amount is made  available by Agent to such
Lender to but  excluding  the date of repayment to Agent,  at the greater of the
Federal  Funds  Rate in effect on each such day (as  determined  by Agent) and a
rate determined by Agent in accordance with banking  industry rules on interbank
compensation.

     (b) If Agent determines at any time that any amount received by Agent under
this  Agreement  must be returned to Borrowers or Guarantor or paid to any other
Person  pursuant to any  requirement  of law,  court order or  otherwise,  then,
notwithstanding any other term or condition of this Agreement, Agent will not be
required to  distribute  any portion  thereof to any Lender.  In addition,  each
Lender  will repay to Agent on demand any  portion of such amount that Agent has
distributed  to such Lender,  together  with  interest at such rate,  if any, as
Agent is required to pay to Borrowers,  Guarantor or such other Person,  without
set-off, counterclaim or deduction of any kind.

     8.8.  Reserves.  The Agent is hereby  authorized  on behalf of all Lenders,
without with necessity of any notice to or further  consent from any Lender,  at
any time and from time to time (i) to disburse  the  inspection  fees  collected
under  Section 5.1 to pay for the  inspections  referred  to therein  (including
payment to Agent therefor),  and (ii) to disburse all or any portion of any real
estate tax or other reserves maintained under any Loan Documents.

     8.9. Loan Account and Accounting.  Agent shall maintain a loan account (the
"Loan Account") on its books to record:  all Revolving  Credit  Advances,  Swing
Line Advances and the Term Loan,  all payments made by Borrowers,  and all other
debits and credits as provided in this Agreement with respect to the Loan or any
other Indebtedness.  All entries in the Loan Account shall be made in accordance
with Agent's customary  accounting practices as in effect from time to time. The
balance in the Loan  Account,  as  recorded on Agent's  most recent  printout or
other written statement,  shall, absent manifest error, be presumptive  evidence
of the amounts due and owing to Agent and Lenders by Borrowers;  provided,  that
any failure to so record or any error in so recording shall not limit,  increase
or otherwise affect any Borrower's duty to pay the  Indebtedness.  Not more than
five (5)  Business  Days  after the end of each  month,  Agent  shall  render to
Borrower Representative a monthly accounting of transactions with respect to the
Loan setting forth each  transaction  or other entry and the balance of the Loan
Account as to Borrowers for the  immediately  preceding  month.  Unless Borrower
Representative notifies Agent in writing of any objection to any such accounting
(describing in reasonable  detail the basis for such objection),  within 30 days
after  Borrowers'  receipt  of such  monthly  accounting,  each and  every  such
accounting shall (absent manifest error) be deemed final, binding and conclusive
on  Borrowers in all respects as to all matters  reflected  therein.  Only those
items  expressly  objected to in such  notice  shall be deemed to be disputed by
Borrowers.  Notwithstanding any provision herein contained to the contrary,  any
Lender may elect (which  election may be revoked) to dispense  with the issuance
of a Note to that  Lender and may rely on the Loan  Account as  evidence  of the
amount of Indebtedness from time to time owing to it.

                                   ARTICLE IX
                                  Miscellaneous

     9.1.  Expenditures  and  Expenses.  Upon  receipt  of  reasonably  detailed
invoices  thereof from Agent,  Borrowers  shall  promptly and within twenty (20)
days of receipt  thereof,  pay all reasonable  Costs (defined below) incurred by
Agent  and/or  Lenders  in  connection  with  the  documentation,  modification,
workout,  collection,  administration  or  enforcement of the Loan or any of the
Loan Documents (as applicable),  and the substitution or addition of Collateral,
and all such  Costs,  if not paid  within  twenty  (20) days  after  receipt  of
invoices,  shall be included as additional  Indebtedness bearing interest at the
Default Rate set forth in the Notes until paid.  Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein,  except for the Costs of GECC (as Agent and a Lender)
and its  attorneys,  Borrowers  shall  have no  obligation  to pay for any Costs
incurred by the other Lenders or their  respective  attorneys in connection with
the negotiation of the Loan Documents which are executed on or about the date of
this  Agreement or any due diligence in connection  therewith.  For the purposes
hereof "Costs" means all reasonable  expenditures and expenses which may be paid
or  incurred by or on behalf of Agent  and/or  Lenders in  accordance  with this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents  including,  without  limitation,  filing
fees,  recordation  taxes,  repair costs,  payments to remove or protect against
liens,  reasonable  attorneys' fees (including reasonable fees of Agent's and/or
Lenders' inside counsel),  receivers' fees, engineers' fees,  accountants' fees,
independent  consultants'  fees  (including  environmental   consultants),   all
reasonable costs and expenses  incurred in connection with any of the foregoing,
Agent's and/or Lenders'  reasonable  out-of-pocket costs and expenses related to
any audit or  inspection of any Project (if  chargeable  to Borrowers  under the
Loan  Documents),  outlays for documentary and expert  evidence,  stenographers'
charges, stamp taxes, publication costs, and costs (which may be estimates as to
items to be expended after entry of an order or judgment) for procuring all such
abstracts of title,  title and UCC searches,  and  examination,  title insurance
policies,  Torrens' Certificates and similar data and assurances with respect to
title as Agent may deem  reasonably  necessary  either to  prosecute  any action
permitted  under the Loan Documents or to evidence to bidders at any foreclosure
sale of any  Project  the true  condition  of the title to, or the value of, any
Project.  Costs  shall not  include  any due  diligence  costs  incurred  by any
financial  institution,  other than Agent and the Lenders  who are the  original
signatories to this Agreement,  prior to such financial  institution  becoming a
Lender or any  syndication  costs.  Agent shall  apply all "Good Faith  Deposit"
payments  received prior to the date hereof from Borrowers or Guarantor  towards
any Costs due at Closing.

     9.2.  Disclosure of Information.  Agent and/or Lenders shall have the right
(but  shall be under no  obligation)  to make  available  to any  party  for the
purpose of granting  participations  in or selling,  transferring,  assigning or
conveying  all or any part of the Loan  (including  any  governmental  agency or
authority and any prospective bidder at any foreclosure sale of the Project) any
and all  information  which Agent  and/or  Lenders may have with  respect to the
Project and  Borrowers,  whether  provided by Borrowers,  Guarantor or any third
party or obtained as a result of any environmental assessments.  Borrowers agree
that  Agent  and  Lenders  shall  have no  liability  whatsoever  as a result of
delivering any such information to any third party, and Borrowers,  on behalf of
themselves,  their Affiliates and their  successors and assigns,  hereby release
and discharge Agent and Lenders from any and all liability,  claims, damages, or
causes of action,  arising out of,  connected with or incidental to the delivery
of any such information to any third party.

     9.3. Intentionally Omitted.

     9.4.  Forbearance by Lender Not a Waiver.  Any  forbearance by Agent and/or
Lenders in exercising  any right or remedy under any of the Loan  Documents,  or
otherwise  afforded by applicable  law, shall not be a waiver of or preclude the
exercise of any right or remedy.  Agent's or Lenders'  acceptance  of payment of
any sum secured by any of the Loan Documents  after the due date of such payment
shall not be a waiver of  Agent's or  Lenders'  right to either  require  prompt
payment  when due of all other  sums so  secured  or to  declare a default or an
Event of Default,  as  applicable,  for failure to make a payment when due under
any of the Loan Documents.  The procurement of insurance or the payment of taxes
or other liens or charges by Agent or Lenders in  accordance  with the terms and
conditions  of any of the Loan  Documents,  shall not be a waiver of  Agent's or
Lenders'  right to  accelerate  the maturity of the Loan,  nor shall  Agent's or
Lenders'  receipt of any awards,  proceeds,  or damages  under  Section 4 of the
Mortgages  or  Leasehold  Mortgages  operate  to cure  or  waive  Borrowers'  or
Guarantor's  default in payment  of sums  secured by any of the Loan  Documents.
With  respect  to all  Loan  Documents,  only  waivers  made in  writing  and in
accordance with Section 9.16 below shall be effective against Agent and Lenders.

     9.5.  APPLICABLE  LAW;  SEVERABILITY.  THIS  AGREEMENT  AND THE OTHER  LOAN
DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS,  WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF
LAW PRINCIPLES. The invalidity,  illegality or unenforceability of any provision
of this  Agreement  shall  not  affect  or  impair  the  validity,  legality  or
enforceability  of the  remainder  of  this  Agreement,  and to  this  end,  the
provisions of this Agreement are declared to be severable.

     9.6.  Relationship.  The relationship between Agent and Lenders, on the one
hand, and Borrowers on the other, shall be that of creditor-debtor only. No term
in this  Agreement  or in the other  Loan  Documents  and no  course of  dealing
between  the  parties  shall be deemed to create  any  relationship  of  agency,
partnership  or joint venture or any fiduciary  duty by Agent and/or  Lenders to
any other party,  except for the agency relationship of Agent and Lenders as and
to the extent expressly provided in this Agreement.

     9.7. Indemnity.  Each Borrower shall indemnify,  protect, hold harmless and
defend Agent and Lenders,  their respective successors,  assigns,  shareholders,
directors,  officers, employees, and agents (each, an "Indemnified Person") from
and  against  any and all loss,  damage,  cost,  expense  (including  reasonable
attorneys'  fees),  and  claims  arising  out of or in  connection  with (a) any
Project,  (b)  the  Collateral,  (c)  the  assignment  of  the  Leases  and  the
performance  of the terms and  conditions of each of the Leases,  (d) any act or
omission of any Borrower or Guarantor,  or their respective employees or agents,
whether  actual or alleged,  and (e) any and all brokers'  commissions  or other
costs of similar type by any party in  connection  with the Loan  (collectively,
"Indemnified Liabilities"), except that Borrowers shall have no obligation under
this  Section  9.7  to  any  Indemnified  Person  with  respect  to  Indemnified
Liabilities  arising from any Indemnified  Person's gross  negligence or willful
misconduct.  Upon  written  request by an  Indemnified  Person,  Borrowers  will
undertake,  at their own cost and expense, on behalf of such Indemnified Person,
using counsel reasonably  satisfactory to the Indemnified Person, the defense of
any legal action or proceeding whether or not such Indemnified Person shall be a
party and for  which  such  Indemnified  Person is  entitled  to be  indemnified
pursuant to this Section 9.7. At Agent's or Requisite  Lenders'  option and upon
prior written notice to Borrowers,  Agent may, at Borrowers' expense,  prosecute
or defend any third party claim or action  involving the  priority,  validity or
enforceability of any of the Loan Documents.

     9.8. Notice. Any notice or other communication  required or permitted to be
given  under  this  Agreement  or the other Loan  Documents  shall be in writing
addressed  to the  respective  party as set forth  below  and may be  personally
served, telecopied or sent by overnight courier or U.S. Mail and shall be deemed
given: (a) if served in person,  when served; (b) if telecopied,  on the date of
transmission  if before 3:00 p.m.  (Chicago  time) on a Business Day;  provided,
that a hard copy of such notice is also sent  pursuant to (c) or (d) below;  (c)
if by  overnight  courier,  on the  first  Business  Day after  delivery  to the
courier;  or (d) if by U.S. Mail,  certified or registered mail,  return receipt
requested on the fourth (4th) day after deposit in the mail postage prepaid.

Notices to Borrowers and Guarantor:     c/o Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc.
                                        9690 Deereco Road, Suite 100
                                        Timonium, Maryland  21093
                                        Attn: C. Taylor Pickett
                                        Attn: Daniel J. Booth
                                        Telecopy:  (410) 427-8824

With a copy to:                         LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, LLP
                                        125 West 55th Street
                                        New York, New York  10019
                                        Attn:  John R. Fallon, Jr., Esq.
                                        Telecopy:  (212) 424-8500

And a copy to:                          Munsch Hardt Kopf & Harr, P.C.
                                        1445 Ross Avenue, Suite 4000
                                        Dallas, Texas  75202
                                        Attn:  Glenn B. Callison, Esq.
                                        Telecopy:  (214) 978-4351

Notices to Agent and Lenders:           General Electric Capital Corporation
                                        Loan No. 70004093
                                        2 Bethesda Metro Center, Suite 600
                                        Bethesda, Maryland  20814
                                        Attn:  Manager, Portfolio Administration
                                        Group
                                        Telecopy:  (301) 347-3150

With a copy to:                         General Electric Capital Corporation
                                        Loan No. 70004093
                                        c/o Segal McCambridge Singer & Mahoney
                                        100 Congress Avenue, Suite 700
                                        Austin, Texas  78701
                                        Attn:  Diana Pennington, Chief Counsel
                                        Telecopy: (866) 221-0433

And a copy to:                          General Electric Capital Corporation
                                        Loan No. 70004093
                                        500 West Monroe Street
                                        Chicago, Illinois  60661
                                        Attn:  Kevin McMeen, Senior Vice
                                        President
                                        Telecopy: (312) 441-6755

     9.9. Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several Liability; Agents; and
Captions.  The covenants and agreements  contained in the Loan  Documents  shall
bind, and the rights  thereunder  shall inure to, the respective  successors and
assigns of Agent, Lenders, Borrowers and Guarantor, subject to the provisions of
this  Agreement.  All covenants and  agreements of Borrowers  shall be joint and
several. In exercising any rights under the Loan Documents or taking any actions
provided  for  therein,  Agent and  Lenders  may act  through  their  respective
employees,  agents or independent contractors as authorized by Agent or Lenders,
respectively.  The captions and headings of the  paragraphs and sections of this
Agreement are for convenience only and are not to be used to interpret or define
the provisions hereof.

     9.10.  Terms and Usage. As used in the Loan Documents  "Business Day" means
any day, other than a Saturday or a Sunday, when banks in Chicago,  Illinois are
not required or authorized to be closed.

     9.11.  Time of Essence.  Time is of the essence of this  Agreement  and the
other Loan Documents and the performance of each of the covenants and agreements
contained herein and therein.

     9.12. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.  EACH BORROWER, AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY
CONSENT TO THE  JURISDICTION  OF ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT  LOCATED  WITHIN THE
COUNTY OF COOK,  STATE OF  ILLINOIS  AND EACH  BORROWER,  AGENT AND EACH  LENDER
IRREVOCABLY AGREE THAT, SUBJECT TO AGENT'S ELECTION,  ALL ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (UNLESS
OTHERWISE  SPECIFIED THEREIN) SHALL BE LITIGATED IN SUCH COURTS.  EACH BORROWER,
AGENT AND EACH LENDER EXPRESSLY  SUBMITS AND CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE
AFORESAID COURTS AND WAIVES ANY DEFENSE OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS.  EACH BORROWER,
AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY WAIVES PERSONAL  SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS AND
AGREES THAT ALL SUCH  SERVICE OF PROCESS MAY BE MADE UPON  BORROWERS,  AGENT AND
EACH LENDER BY CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, ADDRESSED
TO  BORROWERS,  AGENT AND LENDERS AT THE  ADDRESSES  SET FORTH IN SECTION 9.8 OF
THIS AGREEMENT.

     9.13.  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  EACH  BORROWER,  AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY
WAIVE  THEIR  RESPECTIVE  RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION
BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN  DOCUMENTS.  EACH
BORROWER,  AGENT AND EACH  LENDER  ACKNOWLEDGE  THAT THIS  WAIVER IS A  MATERIAL
INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO A BUSINESS  RELATIONSHIP,  THAT EACH OF THEM HAS RELIED
ON THIS WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS  AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND
THAT EACH OF THEM WILL CONTINUE TO RELY ON THIS WAIVER IN THEIR  RELATED  FUTURE
DEALINGS.  BORROWERS,  AGENT AND LENDERS WARRANT AND REPRESENT THAT EACH HAS HAD
THE OPPORTUNITY OF REVIEWING THIS JURY WAIVER WITH LEGAL COUNSEL,  AND THAT EACH
KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS.

     9.14.   Counterparts.   This   Agreement   may  be   executed  in  multiple
counterparts,  each of which shall  constitute an original,  and together  shall
constitute the Agreement.

     9.15. Entire Agreement.  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents embody
the entire agreement among Borrowers, Guarantor, Lenders and Agent and supercede
all prior commitments, agreements,  representations and understandings,  whether
written  or  oral,  relating  to the  subject  matter  hereof,  and  may  not be
contradicted or varied by evidence of prior, contemporaneous, or subsequent oral
agreements or discussions of the parties hereto.

     9.16.  Amendments  and Waivers.  Except as otherwise  provided  herein,  no
amendment,  modification,  termination  or  waiver  of  any  provision  of  this
Agreement,  the Notes or any of the other  Loan  Documents,  or  consent  to any
departure by any party  therefrom,  shall in any event be  effective  unless the
same shall be in writing and signed by Requisite Lenders (or Agent, if expressly
set forth herein,  in any Note or in any other Loan Document) and the Borrowers,
if applicable;  provided,  that except to the extent permitted by the applicable
Assignment and Acceptance Agreement, no amendment, modification,  termination or
waiver  shall,  unless  in  writing  and  signed by all  Lenders,  do any of the
following:  (a) increase any Lender's Pro Rata Share of the Loan; (b) reduce the
principal  of or the  rate of  interest  on the Loan or the  fees  payable  with
respect to the Loan;  (c) extend  any date fixed for any  payment of  principal,
interest or fees; (d) change the definition of the term Requisite Lenders or the
percentage  of Lenders  which shall be  required  for Lenders to take any action
hereunder;  (e) release Collateral (except if the sale, disposition,  release or
substitution of such  Collateral is permitted under Section 2.2,  Section 2.3 or
Section  7.1 above or under any other  Loan  Document);  (f) amend or waive this
Section 9.16 or the  definitions  of the terms used in this Section 9.16 insofar
as the definitions  affect the substance of this Section 9.16; or (g) consent to
the  assignment,  delegation or other transfer by any party of any of its rights
and  obligations  under  any  Loan  Document;  and  provided,  further,  that no
amendment, modification, termination or waiver affecting the rights or duties of
Agent under any Loan Document shall in any event be effective, unless in writing
and signed by Agent,  in addition to all Lenders  required to take such  action.
Notwithstanding  anything  to the  contrary  in this  Section  9.16,  Agent  and
Borrowers may execute  amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
for  the  purpose  of  correcting   typographical   errors,   making  immaterial
modifications  thereto  and  documenting  the matters  governed by Section  2.2,
Section  2.3 and  Section  7.1  above  without  the  consent  of  Lenders.  Each
amendment,  modification,  termination  or waiver shall be effective only in the
specific  instance and for the specific  purpose for which it was given.  Unless
required by Agent,  no amendment,  modification,  termination or waiver shall be
required for Agent to take additional  Collateral pursuant to any Loan Document,
but Borrowers shall comply with all of the  requirements of Section 2.2, Section
2.3 and Section 7.1 above in connection with the addition or substitution of any
Collateral.  No notice to or demand on  Borrowers or any other party in any case
shall  entitle  Borrowers  or any other party to any other or further  notice or
demand  in  similar  or  other  circumstances.   Any  amendment,   modification,
termination,  waiver or consent  effected in  accordance  with this Section 9.16
shall be binding  upon each  holder of the Notes at the time  outstanding,  each
future holder of the Notes and, if signed by a party, upon such party.

                            [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]


<PAGE>


               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Loan
Agreement or have caused the same to be executed by their duly authorized
representatives as of the date first above written.

                                      BORROWERS:
                                      OHI ASSET, LLC,
                                      a Delaware limited liability company
                                      OHI ASSET (FL), LLC,
                                      a Delaware limited liability company
                                      OHI ASSET (IN), LLC,
                                      a Delaware limited liability company
                                      OHI ASSET (LA), LLC,
                                      a Delaware limited liability company
                                      OHI ASSET (TX), LLC,
                                      a Delaware limited liability company
                                      OHI ASSET (ID), LLC,
                                      a Delaware limited liability company
                                      OHI ASSET (MI/NC), LLC,
                                      a Delaware limited liability company
                                      OHI ASSET (OH), LLC,
                                      a Delaware limited liability company
                                      OHI ASSET (MO), LLC,
                                      a Delaware limited liability company
                                      OHI ASSET (CA), LLC,
                                      a Delaware limited liability company
                                      DELTA INVESTORS I, LLC,
                                      a Maryland limited liability company
                                      DELTA INVESTORS II, LLC,
                                      a Maryland limited liability company
                                      NRS VENTURES, LLC,
                                      a Kentucky limited liability company

                                      By:
                                      Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc., a
                                      Maryland corporation, as the sole member
                                      of each such company

                                      By:    /S/ DANIEL J. BOOTH
                                             --------------------------------
                                      Name:  Daniel J. Booth
                                      Title: Chief Operating Officer

<PAGE>

                                      OHI (ILLINOIS), INC.,
                                      an Illinois corporation
                                      OHI (INDIANA), INC.,
                                      an Indiana corporation
                                      STERLING ACQUISITION CORP.,
                                      a Kentucky corporation
                                      By:    /S/ DANIEL J. BOOTH
                                             --------------------------------
                                      Name:  Daniel J. Booth
                                      Title: Chief Operating Officer of
                                             each such corporation

<PAGE>

                                      LENDERS:

                                      GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION,
                                      as Agent and a Lender


                                      By:    /S/ JEFFREY M. MUCHMORE
                                             --------------------------------
                                      Name:  Jeffrey M. Muchmore
                                      Its:   Authorized Signatory

                                      MERRILL LYNCH CAPITAL, a division of
                                      Merrill Lynch Business Financial Services
                                      Inc., a Delaware corporation


                                      By:    /S/ HOWARD WIDRA
                                             --------------------------------
                                      Name:  Howard Widra
                                      Title: Managing Director

                                      LASALLE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a
                                      national banking association


                                      By:    /S/ FRANCES P. DEAN
                                             --------------------------------
                                      Name:  Frances P. Dean
                                      Title: First Vice President


                                      THE PROVIDENT BANK


                                      By:    /S/ STEVEN J. BLOEMER
                                             --------------------------------
                                      Name:  Steven J. Bloemer
                                      Title: Vice President

<PAGE>


                                      BANK ONE, NA, a national banking
                                      association


                                      By:    /S/ MARCIA F. VENTURA
                                             --------------------------------
                                      Name:  Marcia F. Ventura
                                      Title: First Vice President


                                      FLEET NATIONAL BANK


                                      By:    /S/ JAMES V. MAIORINO
                                             --------------------------------
                                      Name:  James V. Maiorino
                                      Title: Vice President

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A

                    Property Locations and Borrower Interests
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                     Borrowing
No. Property        Operator     Address        City   State  Zip    Beds/  Omega's   Facility Current Legal          Entity/Omega
      Name                                                           Units  Structure   Type   Owner/Mortgagee   No.   Subsidiary
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>     <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>
1. Continental       Sun     555 Washington  San Diego   CA  92103    110     Lease    LTAC    Delta Investors   1.  Delta Investors
   Rehab Hospital              Street                                                          I, LLC                I, LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. SunBridge -       Sun     1155 Atwater    Circleville OH  43113    100     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors   2.  Delta Investors
   Circleville               Ave                                                               I, LLC                I, LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. SunBridge -       Sun     501 West Idaho  Emmett      ID  83617     40     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors   3.  Delta Investors
   Emmett                    Blvd.                                                             I, LLC                I, LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. SunBridge -       Sun     1900 East Main  Lancaster   OH  43130    102     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors   4.  Delta Investors
   Homestead                 Street                                                            I, LLC                I, LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. SunBridge -       Sun     10 Veterans     Milford     MA  01757    135     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors   5.  Delta Investors
   Milford                   Memorial Drive                                                    I, LLC                I, LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6. SunBridge -       Sun     300 Seville     Hurricane   WV  25526    120     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors   6.  Delta Investors
   Putnam                    Road                                                              I, LLC                I, LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
7. SunBridge -       Sun     405 Stanaford   Beckley     WV  25801    120     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors   7.  Delta Investors
   Pine Lodge Care           Road                                                              I, LLC                I, LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8. Robert Ballard    Sun     1760 West 16th  San         CA  92411     60     Lease    REHAB   Delta Investors   1.  Delta Investors
   Rehab Hospital            Street          Bernardino                                        II, LLC               II, LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
9. SunBridge -       Sun     501 Caldwell    Dunbar      WV  25064    120     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors   2.  Delta Investors
   Dunbar                    Lane                                                              II, LLC               II, LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.SunBridge -       Sun     877 Hill        Lexington   NC  27295     86     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors   3.  Delta Investors
   Lexington                 Everhart Road                                                     II, LLC               II, LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
11.SunBridge -       Sun     524 James Way   Marion      OH  43302    100     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors   4.  Delta Investors
   Marion                                                                                      II, LLC               II, LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
12.SunBridge -       Sun     1716 Gihon      Parkersburg WV  26101     66     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors   5.  Delta Investors
   Parkersburg               Road                                                              II, LLC               II, LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
13.SunBridge -       Sun     146 Water       Salem       WV  26426    128     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors   6.  Delta Investors
   Salem                     Street                                                            II, LLC               II, LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
14.Mount Manor of    HQM     260 South Mayo  Pikeville   KY  41501    106     Lease    SNF     NRS Ventures, LLC 1.  NRS Ventures,
   Pikeville                 Trail                                                                                   LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
15.Prestonburg       HQM     147 N. Highland Prestonburg KY  41653     56     Lease    SNF     NRS Ventures, LLC 2.  NRS Ventures,
   Health Care               Avenue                                                                                   LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
16.Riverview Health  HQM     70 Sparrow Lane Prestonburg KY  41653    121     Lease    SNF     NRS Ventures, LLC 3.  NRS Ventures,
   Care Center                                                                                                       LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
17.SunBridge -       Sun     801 North Logan Danville    IL  61832    108     Lease    SNF     OHI (Illinois),   1.  OHI (Illinois),
   Danville                  Avenue                                                            Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
18.Sunbridge -       Sun     401 St. Mary's  Edwardsville IL 62025    120     Lease    SNF     OHI (Illinois),   2.  OHI (Illinois),
   Edwardsville              Drive                                                             Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
19.Sunbridge -       Sun     1095 University Edwardsville IL 62025    122     Lease    SNF     OHI (Illinois),   3.  OHI (Illinois),
   University Dr.            Drive                                                             Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20.Hickory Creek   Hickory   5480 East 25th  Columbus    IN  47203     40     Mortgage SNF     OHI (Indiana),    1.  OHI (Indiana),
   at Columbus               Street                                                            Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
21.Hickory Creek   Hickory   2600 N. Grand   Connersville IN 47331     40     Mortgage SNF     OHI (Indiana),    2.  OHI (Indiana),
   at Connersville           Ave.                                                              Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
22.Hickory Creek   Hickory   817 North       Crawfordsville IN 47933   40     Mortgage SNF     OHI (Indiana),    3.  OHI (Indiana),
   at Crawfordsville         Whitlock Avenue                                                   Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
23.Hickory Creek   Hickory   1130 North Main Franklin    IN  46131     40     Mortgage SNF     OHI (Indiana),    4.  OHI (Indiana),
   at Franklin               Street                                                            Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
24.Hickory Creek   Hickory   1620 North      Greensburg  IN  47240     40     Mortgage SNF     OHI (Indiana),    5.  OHI (Indiana),
   at Greensburg             Lincoln Street                                                    Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
25.Hickory Creek   Hickory   1425 Grant      Huntington  IN  46750     40     Mortgage SNF     OHI (Indiana),    6.  OHI (Indiana),
   at Huntington             Street                                                            Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
26.Hickory Creek   Hickory   1433 S. Main    Kendallville IN 46755     40     Mortgage SNF     OHI (Indiana),    7.  OHI (Indiana),
   at Kendallville           Street                                                            Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
27.Hickory Creek   Hickory   1585 Perry      Lebanon     IN  46052    130     Mortgage SNF     OHI (Indiana),    8.  OHI (Indiana),
   at Lebanon                Worth Drive                                                       Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
28.Hickory Creek   Hickory   1945 Cragmont   Madison     IN  47250     40     Mortgage SNF     OHI (Indiana),    9.  OHI (Indiana),
   at Madison                Street                                                            Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
29.Hickory Creek   Hickory   901 North 16th  New Castle  IN  47362     40     Mortgage SNF     OHI (Indiana),   10.  OHI (Indiana),
   at New Castle             Street                                                            Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
30.Hickory Creek   Hickory   390 Boulevard   Peru        IN  46970     40     Mortgage SNF     OHI (Indiana),   11.  OHI (Indiana),
   at Peru                                                                                     Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
31.Hickory Creek   Hickory   240 E. 18th     Rochester   IN  46975     40     Mortgage SNF     OHI (Indiana),   12.  OHI (Indiana),
   at Rochester              Street                                                            Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
32.Hickory Creek   Hickory   1100 North      Scottsburg  IN  47170     40     Mortgage SNF     OHI (Indiana),   13.  OHI (Indiana),
   at Scottsburg             Gardner Street                                                    Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
33.Hickory Creek   Hickory   1109 South      Greencastle IN  46135     79     Mortgage SNF     OHI (Indiana),   14.  OHI (Indiana),
   at Sunset                 Indiana Street                                                    Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
34.Hickory Creek   Hickory   515 E. 13th     Winamac     IN  46996     40     Mortgage SNF     OHI (Indiana),   15.  OHI (Indiana),
   at Winamac                Street                                                            Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
35.Laurel Park       Sun     1425 West       Pomona      CA  91768     43     Lease    IMD     Delta Investors   1.  OHI Asset (CA),
                             Laurel Ave                                                        I, LLC                LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
36.Meadowbrook       Sun     3951 East       Los Angeles CA  90066     77     Lease    IMD     Delta Investors   2.  OHI Asset (CA),
   Manor                     Boulevard                                                         I, LLC                LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
37.Olive Vista       Sun     2335 South      Pomona      CA  91766    120     Lease    IMD     Delta Investors   3.  OHI Asset (CA),
                             Towne                                                             II, LLC               LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
38.Shandin Hills     Sun     4164 North 4th  San         CA  92407     78     Lease    IMD     Delta Investors   4.  OHI Asset (CA),
   Behavior Center           Ave             Bernardino                                        II, LLC               LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
39.Sierra Vista      Sun     3455 East       Highland    CA  92346    116     Lease    IMD     Delta Investors   5.  OHI Asset (CA),
                             Highland Ave                                                      I, LLC                LLC
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
40.SunBridge -       Sun     219 East        Pomona      CA  92767     99     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors   6.  OHI Asset (CA),
   Claremont                 Foothill Boulevard                                                II, LLC               LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
41.Sunbridge -       Sun     834 Maple Road  Coalinga    CA  93210     58     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors   7.  OHI Asset (CA),
   Coalinga                                                                                    II, LLC               LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
42.Sunbridge -       Sun     1260 East Ohio  Escondido   CA  92025     98     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors   8.  OHI Asset (CA),
   Escondido                 Street                                                            I, LLC                LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
43.SunBridge -       Sun     2800 North      Fullerton   CA  92835     59     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors   9.  OHI Asset (CA),
   Fullerton                 Harbor Blvd                                                       II, LLC               LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
44.SunBridge -       Sun     1555 Superior   Newport     CA  92663     59     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors  10.  OHI Asset (CA),
   Newport Beach             Drive           Beach                                             II, LLC               LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
45.SunBridge -       Sun     9140 Verner     Pico Rivera CA  90660     99     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors  11.  OHI Asset (CA),
   Pico Rivera               Street                                                            II, LLC               LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
46.SunBridge -       Sun     3022 45th       San Diego   CA  92105     53     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors  12.  OHI Asset (CA),
   San Diego                 Street                                                            I, LLC                LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
47.SunBridge -       Sun     1330 17th       Santa       CA  90404     72     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors  13.  OHI Asset (CA),
   Santa Monica              Street          Monica                                            II, LLC               LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
48.SunBridge -       Sun     445 Park Street Weed        CA  96094     59     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors  14.  OHI Asset (CA),
   Weed                                                                                        II, LLC               LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
49.SunBridge         Sun     12627 Studebaker  Norwalk   CA  90650     86     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors  15.  OHI Asset (CA),
   Care-Intercommunity                                                                         II, LLC               LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
50.Vista Knoll       Sun     2000 Westwood   Vista       CA  92083    119     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors  16.  OHI Asset (CA),
   Care Facility             Road                                                              II, LLC               LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
51.SunBridge -       Sun     6414 13th Road  West Palm   FL  33415    120     Lease    SNF     Delta Investors   1.  OHI Asset (FL),
   Palm Beach                South           Beach                                             I, LLC                LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
52.SunBridge -       Sun     42 Collins      Miami Beach FL  33139    230     Lease    SNF     Omega Healthcare  2.  OHI Asset (FL),
   Southpoint                Avenue                                                            Investors, Inc.       LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
53.Idaho Falls       Peak    3111 Channing   Idaho Falls ID  83404    108     Lease    SNF     Omega Healthcare  1.  OHI Asset (ID),
   Care Center               Way                                                               Investors, Inc.       LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
54.Twin Falls        Peak    674 Eastland    Twin Falls  ID  83301    116     Lease    SNF     Omega Healthcare  2.  OHI Asset (ID),
   Care Center               Drive                                                             Investors, Inc.       LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
55.SunBridge -       Sun     343 South       Elkhart     IN  46514     99     Lease    SNF     OHI (Illinois),   1.  OHI Asset (IN),
   Elkhart                   Nappanee Street                                                   Inc.                  LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
56.SunBridge -       Sun     910 Lia Street  Patterson   LA  70392    131     Lease    SNF     Omega Healthcare  1.  OHI Asset (LA),
   Patterson                                                                                   Investors, Inc.       LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
57.Brian Center    Mariner   6000 Fayetteville  Durham   NC  27713    160     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare  1. OHI Asset (MI/NC),
   of Durham                 Road                                                            Investors, Inc.      LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
58.Brian Center    Mariner   1700 Wayne      Goldsboro   NC  27534    120     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare  2. OHI Asset (MI/NC),
   of Goldsboro              Memorial Drive                                                  Investors, Inc.      LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
59.Brian Center    Mariner   520 Valley      Statesville NC  28677    167     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare  3. OHI Asset (MI/NC),
   of Statesville            Street                                                          Investors, Inc.      LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
60.Cambridge E.    Mariner   31155 Dequindre Madison     MI  48071    160     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare  4. OHI Asset (MI/NC),
   Nursing Center            Road            Heights                                         Investors, Inc.      LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
61.Cambridge N.    Mariner   535 North Main  Clawson     MI  48017    120     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare  5. OHI Asset (MI/NC),
   Nursing Center            St.                                                             Investors, Inc.      LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
62.Cambridge S.    Mariner   18200 West 13   Southfield  MI  48025    102     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare  6. OHI Asset (MI/NC),
   Nursing Center            Mile Road                                                       Investors, Inc.      LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
63.Clinton-Aire    Mariner   17001 17 Mile   Clinton     MI  48038    150     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare  7. OHI Asset (MI/NC),
   Health Care Center        Road            Township                                        Investors, Inc.      LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
64.Crestmont       Mariner   111 Trealout    Fenton      MI  48430    132     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare  8. OHI Asset (MI/NC),
   Nursing Center            Drive                                                           Investors, Inc.      LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
65.Heritage Manor  Mariner   3201 Beecher    Flint       MI  48532    180     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare  9. OHI Asset (MI/NC),
   Nursing Center            Road                                                            Investors, Inc.      LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
66.Hope Nursing    Mariner   38410 Cherry    Westland    MI  48185    142     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare 10. OHI Asset (MI/NC),
   Care Center               Hill Road                                                       Investors, Inc.      LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
67.Nightingale     Mariner   11525 East Ten  Warren      MI  48089    185     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare 11. OHI Asset (MI/NC),
   Nursing Center            Mile Road                                                       Investors, Inc.      LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
68.King City       Tiffany   300 W Fairview  King City   MO  64463     60     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare   1.  OHI Asset (MO),
   Manor                                                                                     Investors, Inc.        LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
69.McLarney        Tiffany   116 E Pratt      Brookfield MO  64628     60     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare   2.  OHI Asset (MO),
   Manor                                                                                     Investors, Inc.        LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
70.Nodaway         Tiffany   Highway 46 West  Maryville  MO  64468     79     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare   3.  OHI Asset (MO),
   Nursing Home                                                                              Investors, Inc.        LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
71.Oregon Care     Tiffany   501 Monroe       Oregon     MO  64473     60     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare   4.  OHI Asset (MO),
   Center                                                                                    Investors, Inc.        LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
72.Tiffany         Tiffany   1531 Nebraska    Mound City MO  64470     60     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare   5.  OHI Asset (MO),
   Heights                   Street                                                          Investors, Inc.        LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
73.Canton          Essex     1223 North       Canton     OH  44714    200     Mortgage MRDD  Omega Healthcare   1.  OHI Asset (OH),
   Healthcare                Market Street                                                   Investors, Inc.        LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
74.Essex of        Essex     2511 Bentley     Salem      OH  44460    100     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare   2.  OHI Asset (OH),
   Salem I                   Drive                                                           Investors, Inc.        LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
75.Essex of        Essex     250 Continental  Salem      OH  44460    100     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare   3.  OHI Asset (OH),
   Salem II                  Drive                                                           Investors, Inc.        LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
76.Essex of        Essex     230 Continental  Salem      OH  44460     50     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare   4.  OHI Asset (OH),
   Salem III                 Drive                                                           Investors, Inc.        LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
77.Meridian Arms   Essex     650 South        Youngstown OH  44509    100     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare   5.  OHI Asset (OH),
   Living Ctr                Meridian Road                                                   Investors, Inc.        LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
78.St. Mary's      Essex     1209 Indiana     St. Mary's OH  45885     83     Mortgage SNF   Omega Healthcare   6.  OHI Asset (OH),
   Living Center             Avenue                                                          Investors, Inc.        LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
79.SunBridge -       Sun     8450 Will        Humble     TX  77338    126     Lease    SNF   Omega Healthcare   1.  OHI Asset (TX),
   Humble                    Clayton Parkway                                                 Investors, Inc.        LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
80.SunBridge -       Sun     1525 Tull        Katy       TX  77449    130     Lease    SNF   Omega Healthcare   2.  OHI Asset (TX),
   Katy                      Street                                                          Investors, Inc.        LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
81.Ballard           Sun     820 NW 95th      Seattle    WA  98117    142     Lease    SNF   Delta Investors    1.  OHI Asset, LLC
   Convalescent Center       Street                                                          II, LLC
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
82.SunBridge -       Sun     179 Combs        Sparta     NC  28675    112     Lease    SNF   Omega Healthcare   2.  OHI Asset, LLC
   Allegheny                 Street                                                          Investors, Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
83.SunBridge -       Sun     1350 14th        Decatur    AL  35601    183     Lease    SNF   Omega Healthcare   3.  OHI Asset, LLC
   Decatur                   Avenue SE                                                       Investors, Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
84.SunBridge -       Sun     280 Mount        Elmore     AL  36025    124     Lease    SNF   Omega Healthcare   4.  OHI Asset, LLC
   Elmore                    Hebron Road                                                     Investors, Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
85.SunBridge -       Sun     155 Davis Road   LaFollette TN  37766    178     Lease    SNF   Omega Healthcare   5.  OHI Asset, LLC
   LaFollette                                                                                Investors, Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
86.SunBridge -       Sun     215 Richardson   Maynardsville TN 37871     77   Lease    SNF   Omega Healthcare   6.  OHI Asset, LLC
   Maynardsville             Way                                                             Investors, Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
87.SunBridge -       Sun     228 Smith        Mount      NC  28365    150     Lease    SNF   Omega Healthcare   7.  OHI Asset, LLC
   Mount Olive               Chapel Road      Olive                                          Investors, Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
88.SunBridge -       Sun     200 Alabama      Muscle     AL  35661     90     Lease    SNF   Omega Healthcare   8.  OHI Asset, LLC
   Muscle Shoals             Avenue           Shoals                                         Investors, Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
89.SunBridge -       Sun     500 John         Tuscumbia  AL  35674    103     Lease    SNF   Omega Healthcare   9.  OHI Asset, LLC
   Shoals                    Aldridge Drive                                                  Investors, Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
90.SunBridge -       Sun     900 West         Siler City NC  27344    160     Lease    SNF   Omega Healthcare  10.  OHI Asset, LLC
   Siler City                Dolphin Street                                                  Investors, Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
91.SunBridge -       Sun     707 N Elm Street Highpoint  NC  27262    199     Lease    SNF   Omega Healthcare  11.  OHI Asset, LLC
   Triad                                                                                     Investors, Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
92.SunBridge -       Sun     813 Keller Lane  Tuscumbia  AL  35674    109     Lease    SNF   Omega Healthcare  12.  OHI Asset, LLC
   Tuscumbia                                                                                 Investors, Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
93.Ash Flat        Advocat   66 Ozbirn Lane   Ash Flat   AR  72513    105     Lease    SNF   Sterling          1.  Sterling
   Nursing & Rehab                                                                           Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Center                                                                                    Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
94.Best Care, Inc. Advocat   2159 Dogwood     Wheelersburg OH 45694   151     Lease    SNF   Sterling          2.  Sterling
                             Ridge                                                           Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
                                                                                             Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
95.Boone Health    Advocat   Lick Creek       Danville   WV  25053    120     Lease    SNF   Sterling          3.  Sterling
   Care Center,              Road, P.O. Box 605                                              Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Inc.                                                                                      Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
96.Boyd Nursing    Advocat   12800 Princeland Ashland    KY  41102     60     Lease    SNF   Sterling          4.  Sterling
   & Rehab Center            Drive                                                           Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
                                                                                             Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
97.Canterbury      Advocat   1720 Knowles     Phoenix    AL  36867    172     Lease    SNF   Sterling          5.  Sterling
   Health Center             Road             City                                           Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
                                                                                             Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
98.Carter          Advocat   250 McDavid      Grayson    KY  41143    120     Lease    SNF   Sterling          6.  Sterling
   Nursing &                 Blvd, P.O. 904                                                  Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Rehab Center                                                                              Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
99.Conway          Advocat   2603 Dave Ward   Conway     AR  72032    105     Lease    SNF   Sterling          7.  Sterling
   Nursing (Faulkner)        Drive                                                           Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
                                                                                             Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
100.Des Arc        Advocat   2216 W Main,     Des Arc    AR  72040     98     Lease    SNF   Sterling          8.  Sterling
   Nursing &                 P.O. Box 143B                                                   Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Rehab Center                                                                              Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
101.Elliott        Advocat   Howard Creek     Sandy Hook KY  41171     60     Lease    SNF   Sterling          9.  Sterling
   Nursing &                 Road, Rt 32 E                                                   Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Rehab Center                                                                              Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
102.Eureka         Advocat   235 Huntsville   Eureka     AR  72632    100     Lease    SNF   Sterling          10. Sterling
   Springs Nursing           Road             Springs                                        Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   & Rehab Ctr                                                                               Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
103.Garland        Advocat   610 Carpenter    Hot        AR  71901    105     Lease    SNF   Sterling          11. Sterling
   Nursing &                 Dam Road         Springs                                        Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Rehab Ctr & Apts                                                                          Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
104.Hardee         Advocat   401 Orange       Wauchula   FL  33873     79     Lease    SNF   Sterling          12. Sterling
   Manor Care                Place                                                           Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Center                                                                                    Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
105.Laurel         Advocat   602 Buchanan     New        TN  37825    134     Lease    SNF   Sterling          13. Sterling
   Manor Health              Road, PO Box 505 Tazwell                                        Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Center                                                                                    Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
106.Laurel         Advocat   HC75, Box 153,   Ivydale    WV  25113     60     Lease    SNF   Sterling          14. Sterling
   Nursing &                 Clinic Road                                                     Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Rehab Center                                                                              Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
107.Lynwood        Advocat   4164 Halls       Mobile     AL  36693    127     Lease    SNF   Sterling          15. Sterling
   Nursing Home              Mill Road                                                       Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
                                                                                             Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
108.Manor          Advocat   537 Spring St,   Dover      TN  37058     88     Lease    SNF   Sterling          16. Sterling
   House of Dover            PO Box 399                                                      Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
                                                                                             Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
109.Mayfield       Advocat   200 Mayfield     Smyrna     TN  37167    125     Lease    SNF   Sterling          17. Sterling
   Rehab & Special           Drive                                                           Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Care Ctr                                                                                  Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
110.Northside      Advocat   700 Hutchins     Gadsden    AL  35901    115     Lease    SNF   Sterling          18. Sterling
   Healthcare                Ave                                                             Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
                                                                                             Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
111.Ouachita       Advocat   1411 Country     Camden     AR  71701    114     Lease    SNF   Sterling          19. Sterling
   Nursing/Pine              Club Road                                                       Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Manor Apts.                                                                               Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
112.Pocahontas     Advocat   105 Country      Pocahontas AR  72455     97     Lease    SNF   Sterling          20. Sterling
   Nursing & Rehab           Club Road                                                       Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Ctr                                                                                       Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
113.Rich Mountain  Advocat   306 Hornbeck     Mena       AR  71953    115     Lease    SNF   Sterling          21. Sterling
   Nursing & Rehab                                                                           Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Ctr                                                                                       Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
114.Sheridan       Advocat   113 S Briarwood  Sheridan   AR  72150    121     Lease    SNF   Sterling          22. Sterling
   Nursing & Rehab           Dr                                                              Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Ctr                                                                                       Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
115.South Shore    Advocat   James Hannah     South      KY  41175     60     Lease    SNF   Sterling          23. Sterling
   Nursing & Rehab           Drive            Shore                                          Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Ctr                       PO Box 489                                                      Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
116.Stillmeadow    Advocat   105 Russellville Malvern    AR  72104    104     Lease    SNF   Sterling          24. Sterling
   Nursing (Arbor            Road, Rt 2,                                                     Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Oaks)                     Hwy 67 S                                                        Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
117.The Pines      Advocat   524 Carpenter    Hot        AR  71901     70     Lease    SNF   Sterling          25. Sterling
   Nursing & Rehab           Dam Road         Springs                                        Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Ctr                                                                                       Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
118.Walnut         Advocat   1500 West Main   Walnut     AR  72476    119     Lease    SNF   Sterling          26. Sterling
   Ridge Nursing                              Ridge                                          Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   & Rehab Ctr                                                                               Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
119.West Liberty   Advocat   774 Liberty Rd,  West       KY  41472     48     Lease    SNF   Sterling          27. Sterling
   Nursing & Rehab           PO Box 219,      Liberty                                        Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Ctr                       Rt 5                                                            Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
120.Westside       Advocat   4320 Judith Ln   Huntsville AL  35805    129     Lease    SNF   Sterling          28. Sterling
   Health Care                                                                               Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Center                                                                                    Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
121.Wurtland       Advocat   100 Wurtland     Wurtland   KY  41144    126     Lease    SNF   Sterling          29. Sterling
   Nursing & Rehab           Ave, PO Box 677                                                 Acquisiton Corp.      Acquisition Corp.
   Center                                                                                    Inc.                  Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Grand Total                                                     12,228

</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT B

                                LETTERS OF CREDIT


     (a) Issuance.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Agent
and  Lenders  agree to  incur  (on a pro rata  basis  based on their  respective
Revolving Loan Commitment),  from time to time during the Borrowing Period, upon
the  request  of  Borrowers,  Letter of Credit  Obligations  (defined  below) by
causing  Letters  of Credit to be issued by a bank or other  legally  authorized
financial  institution selected by or acceptable to Agent in its sole discretion
(each,  an "L/C  Issuer")  for  Borrowers'  account  and  guaranteed  by  Agent;
provided,  that if the L/C Issuer is a Lender, then such Letters of Credit shall
not be guaranteed  by Agent but rather each Lender  shall,  subject to the terms
and conditions  hereinafter set forth, purchase (or be deemed to have purchased)
risk  participations  in all such  Letters  of Credit  issued  with the  written
consent of Agent,  as more fully  described  in  paragraph  (b)(ii)  below.  The
aggregate amount of all such Letter of Credit  Obligations shall not at any time
exceed the  lesser of (i)  Twenty  Million  Dollars  ($20,000,000.00)  (the "L/C
Sublimit")  and (ii) the  Revolving  Loan  Commitment  of all  Lenders  less the
aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Credit Advances and the
Swing Line Loan. No such Letter of Credit shall have an expiry date that is more
than one (1) year  following the date of issuance  thereof or that is later than
the  Maturity  Date,  unless  otherwise  approved  by  the  Agent  in  its  sole
discretion.  The  letters  of credit  listed  at the end of this  Exhibit B (the
"Fleet  LCs")  shall be deemed to be  Letters  of  Credit.  The  parties to this
Agreement  shall  cooperate,  using  good  faith  efforts  (including,   without
limitation, sending notices to the beneficiaries of the Fleet LCs), to terminate
in an expeditious manner the Fleet LCs in accordance with their respective terms
and replace them with new Letters of Credit issued pursuant to this Agreement.

     (b) Advances Automatic; Participations.

     (i) In the event  that Agent or any  Lender  shall  make any  payment on or
pursuant to any Letter of Credit  Obligation,  such payment shall then be deemed
automatically to constitute a Revolving Credit Advance, and each Lender shall be
obligated to pay its Pro Rata Share thereof in accordance  with this  Agreement.
The failure of any Lender to make available to Agent for Agent's own account its
Pro Rata Share of any such Revolving Credit Advance or payment by Agent under or
in  respect  of a Letter of Credit  shall not  relieve  any other  Lender of its
obligation  hereunder to make available to Agent its Pro Rata Share thereof, but
no Lender  shall be  responsible  for the  failure  of any other  Lender to make
available such other Lender's Pro Rata Share of any such payment.

     (ii) If it shall be illegal or unlawful for any Borrower to incur Revolving
Credit  Advances as  contemplated  by  paragraph  (b)(i) above or if it shall be
illegal or unlawful for any Lender to be deemed to have assumed a ratable  share
of the reimbursement  obligations owed to an L/C Issuer, or if the L/C Issuer is
a Lender,  then (A)  immediately  and without  further action  whatsoever,  each
Lender shall be deemed to have  irrevocably and  unconditionally  purchased from
Agent  (or  such L/C  Issuer,  as the case  may be) an  undivided  interest  and
participation equal to such Lender's Pro Rata Share (based on the Revolving Loan
Commitments)  of the Letter of Credit  Obligations  in respect of all Letters of
Credit then  outstanding  and (B) thereafter,  immediately  upon issuance of any
Letter  of  Credit,  each  Lender  shall  be  deemed  to  have  irrevocably  and
unconditionally purchased from Agent (or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be) an
undivided  interest and  participation in such Lender's Pro Rata Share (based on
the Revolving Loan Commitments) of the Letter of Credit Obligations with respect
to such Letter of Credit on the date of such  issuance.  Each Lender  shall fund
its  participation  in all payments or  disbursements  made under the Letters of
Credit  in the same  manner  as  provided  in this  Agreement  with  respect  to
Revolving Credit Advances.

     (c) Cash Collateral.

     (i) If Borrowers are required to provide cash  collateral for any Letter of
Credit  Obligations  pursuant  to the  Agreement  because  such Letter of Credit
Obligations extend beyond to the Maturity Date,  Borrowers will pay to Agent for
the ratable benefit of itself and Lenders cash or cash equivalents acceptable to
Agent ("Cash Equivalents") in an amount equal to 105% of the maximum amount then
available to be drawn under each applicable Letter of Credit outstanding for the
benefit of such Borrower.  Such funds or Cash Equivalents shall be held by Agent
in a cash collateral  account (the "Cash  Collateral  Account")  maintained at a
bank or financial  institution  acceptable to Agent. The Cash Collateral Account
shall be in the name of  Borrowers  and shall be pledged  to, and subject to the
control  of,  Agent,  for  the  benefit  of  Agent  and  Lenders,  in  a  manner
satisfactory  to Agent.  Each Borrower  hereby  pledges and grants to Agent,  on
behalf of itself and  Lenders,  a security  interest  in all such funds and Cash
Equivalents  held in the  Cash  Collateral  Account  from  time to time  and all
proceeds  thereof,  as security for the payment of all amounts due in respect of
the Letter of Credit Obligations and other Obligations, whether or not then due.
The Agreement,  including this Exhibit C, shall constitute a security  agreement
under applicable law.

     (ii) If any  Letter  of  Credit  Obligations,  whether  or not then due and
payable,  shall for any reason be outstanding  on the Maturity  Date,  Borrowers
shall either (A) provide cash collateral therefor in the manner described above,
or (B) cause all such Letters of Credit and  guaranties  thereof,  if any, to be
canceled and returned,  or (C) deliver a stand-by  letter (or letters) of credit
in guaranty  of such Letter of Credit  Obligations,  which  stand-by  letter (or
letters)  of  credit  shall be of like  tenor and  duration  (plus  thirty  (30)
additional  days) as, and in an amount equal to 105% of, the  aggregate  maximum
amount then  available  to be drawn  under,  the Letters of Credit to which such
outstanding Letter of Credit Obligations relate and shall be issued by a Person,
and shall be subject to such terms and  conditions,  as are be  satisfactory  to
Agent in its sole discretion.

     (iii)From  time to time after funds are  deposited  in the Cash  Collateral
Account by Borrowers, whether before or after the Maturity Date, Agent may apply
such funds or Cash Equivalents  then held in the Cash Collateral  Account to the
payment of any  amounts,  and in such  order as Agent may elect,  as shall be or
shall  become due and payable by  Borrowers to Agent and Lenders with respect to
such Letter of Credit  Obligations  and,  upon the  satisfaction  in full of all
Letter of Credit Obligations, to any other Obligations of Borrowers then due and
payable.

     (iv) No  Borrower  nor any  Person  claiming  on behalf of or  through  any
Borrower  shall have any right to withdraw any of the funds or Cash  Equivalents
held in the Cash  Collateral  Account,  except that upon the  termination of all
Letter of Credit Obligations and the payment of all amounts payable by Borrowers
to Agent  and  Lenders  in  respect  thereof,  any funds  remaining  in the Cash
Collateral  Account shall be applied to other Obligations then due and owing and
upon payment in full of such Obligations,  any remaining amount shall be paid to
Borrowers or as otherwise  required by law.  Interest  earned on deposits in the
Cash Collateral Account shall be for the account of Borrowers.

     (d) Fees and Expenses.  Borrowers  agree to pay to Agent for the benefit of
Lenders,  as compensation to Lenders for Letter of Credit  Obligations  incurred
hereunder, (i) all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Agent or any Lender
on account of such Letter of Credit Obligations,  including, without limitation,
any  placement  fee,  and (ii) for each month  during which any Letter of Credit
Obligation  shall remain  outstanding,  a fee (the "Letter of Credit Fee") in an
amount equal to three and three-quarters percent (3.75%) per annum (based upon a
360-day year) multiplied by the maximum amount available from time to time to be
drawn under the applicable Letter of Credit. Such fee shall be paid to Agent for
the  benefit  of the  Lenders in  arrears,  on the first day of each  month.  In
addition, Borrowers shall pay to any L/C Issuer, on demand, such reasonable fees
(including  all per annum  fees),  charges  and  expenses  of such L/C Issuer in
respect  of the  issuance,  negotiation,  acceptance,  amendment,  transfer  and
payment  of  such  Letter  of  Credit  or  otherwise  payable  pursuant  to  the
application  and  related  documentation  under  which such  Letter of Credit is
issued.

     (e)  Request  for  Incurrence  of Letter of  Credit  Obligations.  Borrower
Representative  shall give Agent at least two (2) Business  Days' prior  written
notice requesting the incurrence of any Letter of Credit Obligation.  The notice
shall be  accompanied  by the  form of the  Letter  of  Credit  (which  shall be
acceptable to the L/C Issuer) and a completed  Application for Standby Letter of
Credit.  Notwithstanding  anything  contained herein to the contrary,  Letter of
Credit  applications by Borrower  Representative  and approvals by Agent and the
L/C Issuer may be made and transmitted pursuant to electronic codes and security
measures   mutually   agreed  upon  and   established   by  and  among  Borrower
Representative, Agent and the L/C Issuer.

     (f) Obligation Absolute. The obligation of Borrowers to reimburse Agent and
Lenders for payments made with respect to any Letter of Credit  Obligation shall
be absolute,  unconditional  and irrevocable,  without necessity of presentment,
demand, protest or other formalities, and the obligations of each Lender to make
payments to Agent with respect to Letters of Credit shall be  unconditional  and
irrevocable. Such obligations of Borrowers and Lenders shall be paid strictly in
accordance  with  the  terms  hereof  under  all  circumstances   including  the
following:

     (i) any lack of validity or  enforceability  of any Letter of Credit or the
Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any other agreement;

     (ii) the  existence of any claim,  setoff,  defense or other right that any
Borrower  or any of their  respective  Affiliates  or any Lender may at any time
have against a  beneficiary  or any  transferee  of any Letter of Credit (or any
Persons or entities  for whom any such  transferee  may be acting),  Agent,  any
Lender,  or any other Person,  whether in  connection  with the  Agreement,  the
Letter  of  Credit,  the  transactions  contemplated  herein or  therein  or any
unrelated transaction (including any underlying transaction between any Borrower
or any of their  respective  Affiliates and the beneficiary for which the Letter
of Credit was procured);

     (iii)any draft,  demand,  certificate or any other document presented under
any Letter of Credit proving to be forged,  fraudulent,  invalid or insufficient
in any  respect or any  statement  therein  being  untrue or  inaccurate  in any
respect;

     (iv) payment by Agent (except as otherwise  expressly provided in paragraph
(g)(ii)(C)  below)  or any L/C  Issuer  under any  Letter of Credit or  guaranty
thereof against presentation of a demand, draft or certificate or other document
that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or such guaranty;

     (v) any other  circumstance or event whatsoever,  that is similar to any of
the foregoing; or

     (vi) the fact that a default or an Event of  Default  has  occurred  and is
continuing.

     (g) Indemnification; Nature of Lenders' Duties.

     (i) In addition to amounts payable as elsewhere provided in this Agreement,
Borrowers hereby agree to pay and to protect, indemnify, and save harmless Agent
and each  Lender from and  against  any and all  claims,  demands,  liabilities,
damages,  losses,  costs, charges and expenses (including  reasonable attorneys'
fees and allocated costs of internal counsel) that Agent or any Lender may incur
or be subject to as a  consequence,  direct or indirect,  of (A) the issuance of
any Letter of Credit or  guaranty  thereof,  or (B) the  failure of Agent or any
Lender  seeking  indemnification  or of any L/C  Issuer  to honor a  demand  for
payment under any Letter of Credit or guaranty thereof as a result of any act or
omission,  whether rightful or wrongful,  of any present or future de jure or de
facto government or Governmental Authority,  except that Borrowers shall have no
obligation  under this  subsection to the extent that any  liabilities  resulted
from the gross  negligence  or willful  misconduct  of Agent or such  Lender (as
finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction).

     (ii) As between Agent and any Lender and  Borrowers,  Borrowers  assume all
risks of the acts and  omissions  of,  or  misuse  of any  Letter  of  Credit by
beneficiaries  of any Letter of Credit.  In furtherance and not in limitation of
the  foregoing,  to the fullest extent  permitted by law,  neither Agent nor any
Lender shall be responsible for: (A) the form, validity, sufficiency,  accuracy,
genuineness  or legal effect of any document  issued by any party in  connection
with the application for and issuance of any Letter of Credit, even if it should
in fact prove to be in any or all respects  invalid,  insufficient,  inaccurate,
fraudulent  or  forged;  (B)  the  validity  or  sufficiency  of any  instrument
transferring  or  assigning  or  purporting  to transfer or assign any Letter of
Credit or the rights or benefits  thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in
part, that may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason; (C) failure of
the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit to comply fully with conditions required
in order to demand  payment under such Letter of Credit;  provided,  that in the
case of any  payment by Agent  under any Letter of Credit or  guaranty  thereof,
Agent shall be liable to the extent such  payment was made solely as a result of
its gross negligence or willful  misconduct (as finally determined by a court of
competent  jurisdiction)  in determining  that the demand for payment under such
Letter of Credit or guaranty  thereof  complies on its face with any  applicable
requirements  for a demand for  payment  under such Letter of Credit or guaranty
thereof;  (D) errors,  omissions,  interruptions  or delays in  transmission  or
delivery of any messages, by mail, cable, telegraph, telex or otherwise, whether
or not they may be in cipher;  (E) errors in  interpretation of technical terms;
(F) any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document  required
in order to make a payment under any Letter of Credit or guaranty  thereof or of
the proceeds  thereof;  (G) the credit of the proceeds of any drawing  under any
Letter of Credit or guaranty  thereof;  and (H) any  consequences  arising  from
causes  beyond  the  control  of Agent or any  Lender.  None of the above  shall
affect,  impair, or prevent the vesting of any of Agent's or any Lender's rights
or powers hereunder or under the Agreement.

     (iii)Nothing  contained  herein  shall be deemed to limit or to expand  any
waivers,  covenants or indemnities  made by Borrowers in favor of any L/C Issuer
in  any  letter  of  credit  application,  reimbursement  agreement  or  similar
document,  instrument  or  agreement  between  or among  Borrowers  and such L/C
Issuer, including a Master Standby Agreement entered into with Agent.

     (h) Definitions.

     "Letter of Credit Obligations" means all outstanding  obligations  incurred
by Agent and Lenders at the request of  Borrowers,  whether  direct or indirect,
contingent  or  otherwise,  due or not due, in  connection  with the issuance of
Letters  of  Credit  by  Agent  or  another  L/C  Issuer  or the  purchase  of a
participation with respect to any Letter of Credit. The amount of such Letter of
Credit  Obligations  shall equal the maximum  amount that may be payable at such
time or at any time  thereafter  by  Agent  or  Lenders  thereupon  or  pursuant
thereto.

     "Letters of Credit" means  documentary or standby  letters of credit issued
for the account of Borrowers by any L/C Issuer, and bankers'  acceptances issued
by  Borrowers,  for  which  Agent and  Lenders  have  incurred  Letter of Credit
Obligations.

     "Letter-of-Credit  Rights" means "letter-of-credit  rights" as such term is
defined in the Code,  now owned or hereafter  acquired by  Borrowers,  including
rights to  payment  or  performance  under a letter of  credit,  whether  or not
Borrowers,  as  beneficiary,  have demanded or are entitled to demand payment or
performance.

<PAGE>

                                    FLEET LCs

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Applicant                  Beneficiary             Issuing Bank     LC Number      Amount        Expiration 1        Evergreen
<S>     <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>

Omega Healthcare           Mutual Indemnity        Fleet National    YS1280711     $ 8,500,000   July 9, 2004        Yes, 90 days
Investors, Inc.            (Bermuda) LTD           Bank                                                              notice
Delta Investors I, LLC     Bank of New York,       Fleet National    YS1102062                   September 15, 2003  Yes, 90 days
                           as Trustee              Bank                              2,481,969                       notice
Delta Investors II, LLC    Bank of New York,       Fleet National    YS1102064                   September 15, 2003  Yes, 90 days
                           as Trustee              Bank                              1,491,265                       notice
                                                                                   ------------
                                                                                   $12,473,234
</TABLE>

1)   The  Delta I & Delta  II LC's  reduce  each  September,  as  principal  and
     interest on the bonds are paid. The Indenture's require that the LC's be in
     place until all the bonds are retired.  The first optional  redemption date
     for both bond issues is September 1, 2006.

<PAGE>

                                EXHIBIT 1.1.1(a)

                                FORM OF TERM NOTE



                                                              Loan No.  70004093

                                    TERM NOTE

$____________                                                     June ___, 2003


     FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  the undersigned,  OHI ASSET, LLC, OHI ASSET (FL), LLC,
OHI ASSET (IN),  LLC, OHI ASSET (LA),  LLC, OHI ASSET (TX), LLC, OHI ASSET (ID),
LLC, OHI ASSET (MI/NC), LLC, OHI ASSET (OH), LLC, OHI ASSET (MO), LLC, OHI ASSET
(CA), LLC, DELTA  INVESTORS I, LLC, DELTA INVESTORS II, LLC, NRS VENTURES,  LLC,
OHI  (ILLINOIS),  INC.,  OHI  (INDIANA),  INC.  and STERLING  ACQUISITION  CORP.
(collectively,  "Borrowers"),  promise  to pay,  in lawful  money of the  United
States,  to  the  order  of   ____________________,   a   ______________________
("Holder") at the offices of GENERAL  ELECTRIC CAPITAL  CORPORATION,  a Delaware
corporation   ("GECC"),   as   Agent   for   Holder,   the   principal   sum  of
___________________  and  No/100  Dollars  ($_____________)  under the Term Loan
established  pursuant  to that  certain  Loan  Agreement  dated as of even  date
herewith by and among the  undersigned  Borrowers,  GECC, as Agent and a Lender,
and the financial  institutions  who are or hereafter become parties to the Loan
Agreement as Lenders (as amended,  modified,  restated or replaced  from time to
time, the "Loan Agreement"), plus interest on the unpaid balance thereof and all
other amounts added  thereto  pursuant to this Term Note (as amended,  modified,
restated or replaced  from time to time,  this "Note") or  otherwise  payable to
Holder  pursuant to the Loan  Documents,  calculated  on the basis of the actual
number of days  elapsed  over a year of 360 days,  at the  Interest  Rate (or if
applicable,  the Default  Rate),  as set forth in the Loan  Agreement.  Payments
shall be made to Agent at the  following  address:  GEMSA  Loan  Services,  File
59229, Los Angeles,  CA 90074-9229 (or such other address as Agent may hereafter
designate in writing to Borrowers).

     1. All  capitalized  terms used and not otherwise  specifically  defined in
this Note shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement.

     2.  This  Note  is  one of the  Term  Notes  issued  pursuant  to the  Loan
Agreement. Reference is hereby made to the Loan Agreement for a statement of all
of the terms and conditions under which the Term Loan, evidenced in part hereby,
is made and is to be repaid.  In the event of any conflict  between the terms of
this Note and the terms of the Loan  Agreement,  the terms of the Loan Agreement
shall   prevail.   All  of  the  terms,   covenants,   provisions,   conditions,
stipulations,  promises and  agreements  contained  in the Loan  Documents to be
kept,  observed and/or performed by the undersigned are made a part of this Note
and are  incorporated  into this Note by this  reference  to the same extent and
with the same force and effect as if they were fully set forth in this Note; and
the  undersigned  promise and agree to keep,  observe and perform  them or cause
them to be kept, observed and performed,  strictly in accordance with the terms,
provisions and conditions set forth in the Loan Documents.

     3. The principal balance of the Term Loan, the rates of interest applicable
thereto and the date and amount of each payment made on account of the principal
thereof, shall be recorded by Agent on its books; provided,  that the failure of
Agent to make any such recordation shall not affect the obligations of Borrowers
to make a payment when due of any amount owing under the Loan  Agreement or this
Note.

     4. The  principal  amount of the  indebtedness  evidenced  hereby  shall be
payable  in the  amounts  and on the  dates  specified  in the  Loan  Agreement.
Interest  thereon shall be paid until such  principal  amount is paid in full at
such interest rates and at such times, and pursuant to such calculations, as are
specified  in the Loan  Agreement.  The terms of the Loan  Agreement  are hereby
incorporated herein by reference.

     5. This Note shall  become due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (a)
the Maturity  Date, or (b) the occurrence of any Event of Default under the Loan
Agreement,  or any other event under any other Loan Documents which would result
in this Note becoming due and payable,  whereupon Agent,  upon written notice to
Borrowers,  declares this Note to be immediately due and payable.  At such time,
the  entire  principal  balance  of this  Note and all  other  fees,  costs  and
expenses,  if any,  that are  required  to be paid  pursuant  to the  terms  and
conditions  of the Loan  Documents,  shall be due and payable in full.  Upon the
failure of Borrowers to pay the entire amount of  Indebtedness  when due,  Agent
shall  then  have the  option at any time and from  time to time  thereafter  to
exercise  all of the rights and remedies set forth in this Note and in the other
Loan Documents,  as well as all rights and remedies otherwise available to Agent
and/or Holder at law or in equity, to collect the unpaid indebtedness under this
Note and the other Loan Documents.  This Note is secured by the  Collateral,  as
defined in and described in the Loan Agreement. Borrowers shall have no right to
prepay  this Note  except as  expressly  permitted  or  required  under the Loan
Agreement.

     6. Whenever any principal  and/or interest and/or fee under this Note shall
not be paid when due, or at the Maturity Date or following  acceleration of this
Note after any Event of  Default,  or during any Event of  Default,  interest on
this Note shall  thereafter  be  payable  at a rate per annum  equal to four (4)
percentage  points  above the  Interest  Rate (the  "Default  Rate")  until such
amounts  shall be paid  and,  if  applicable,  all such  non-monetary  Events of
Default are cured (and such cure is accepted) or waived.

     7. The undersigned  Borrowers,  Agent and Holder intend to conform strictly
to the applicable  usury laws in effect from time to time during the Term of the
Loan. Accordingly, if any transaction contemplated by the Loan Agreement or this
Note would be usurious under such laws, then notwithstanding any other provision
hereof:  (a) the aggregate of all interest that is contracted for,  charged,  or
received  under this Note or under any other Loan Document  shall not exceed the
maximum  amount of  interest  allowed by  applicable  law (the  "Highest  Lawful
Rate"),  and any excess shall be promptly  credited to the  undersigned by Agent
(or, to the extent  that such  consideration  shall have been paid,  such excess
shall be  promptly  refunded  to the  undersigned  by  Holder);  (b) neither the
undersigned  Borrowers,  nor any other Person (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
now or hereafter  liable  hereunder shall be obligated to pay the amount of such
interest to the extent that it is in excess of the Highest  Lawful Rate; and (c)
the effective  rate of interest shall be reduced to the Highest Lawful Rate. All
sums  paid,  or  agreed  to be  paid,  to  Agent  and/or  Holder  for  the  use,
forbearance,  and  detention of the debt of Borrowers  to Holder  shall,  to the
extent  permitted by applicable  law, be allocated  throughout  the full term of
this Note until payment is made in full so that the actual rate of interest does
not exceed the Highest Lawful Rate in effect at any  particular  time during the
full term thereof.  If at any time the rate of interest  under this Note exceeds
the Highest  Lawful Rate,  the rate of interest to accrue  pursuant to this Note
shall be limited,  notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Note, to the
Highest Lawful Rate,  but any  subsequent  reductions in the Interest Rate shall
not reduce the interest to accrue pursuant to this Note below the Highest Lawful
Rate until the total  amount of interest  accrued  equals the amount of interest
that would have accrued if a varying  rate per annum equal to the interest  rate
under the Note had at all times been in effect.  If the total amount of interest
paid or accrued  pursuant to this Note under the  foregoing  provisions  is less
than the total amount of interest  that would have accrued if a varying rate per
annum equal to the applicable  interest rate under this Note had been in effect,
then the undersigned  agrees to pay to Agent for the benefit of Holder an amount
equal to the  difference  between  (x) the lesser of (A) the amount of  interest
that would  have  accrued if the  Highest  Lawful  Rate had at all times been in
effect,  or (B) the amount of interest that would have accrued if a varying rate
per annum equal to the applicable  interest rate under the Note had at all times
been in effect,  and (y) the amount of interest  accrued in accordance  with the
other provisions of this Note and the Loan Agreement.

     8.  Each  party  liable  on this Note in any  capacity,  whether  as maker,
endorser,  surety,  guarantor or otherwise,  (a) waives presentment for payment,
demand,  protest  and  notice  of  presentment,  notice  of  protest,  notice of
non-payment  and notice of dishonor of this debt and each and every other notice
of any kind  respecting  this Note  (unless  expressly  required  under the Loan
Documents)  and all lack of diligence  or delays in  collection  or  enforcement
hereof;  (b)  agrees  that  Agent at any time or  times,  without  notice to the
undersigned or its consent,  may grant  extensions of time,  without limit as to
the number of the aggregate  period of such  extensions,  for the payment of any
principal,  interest or other sums due hereunder; (c) to the extent permitted by
law,  waives all exemptions  under the laws of the State of Illinois  and/or any
state or territory  of the United  States;  (d) to the extent  permitted by law,
waives  the  benefit of any law or rule of law  intended  for its  advantage  or
protection  as an  obligor  under  this Note or  providing  for its  release  or
discharge  from  liability on this Note,  in whole or in part, on account of any
facts or  circumstances  other than full and complete payment of all amounts due
under this Note;  and (e) agrees to pay,  in addition to all other sums of money
due, all reasonable  costs of collection and  attorney's  fees,  whether suit be
brought or not, if this Note is not paid in full when due, whether at the stated
maturity or by acceleration.

     9. No  waiver  by  Agent  or  Holder  of any one or  more  defaults  by the
undersigned in the performance of any of their obligations under this Note shall
operate or be construed as a waiver of any future  default or defaults,  whether
of a like or  different  nature.  No  failure  or  delay on the part of Agent or
Holder in  exercising  any right,  power or remedy  under this Note  (including,
without  limitation,  the  right to  declare  this Note due and  payable)  shall
operate  as a waiver  of such  right,  power or remedy  nor shall any  single or
partial  exercise  of any such  right,  power or  remedy  preclude  any other or
further  exercise  of such right,  power or remedy or the  exercise of any other
right, power or remedy.

     10. If any  term,  provision,  covenant  or  condition  of this Note or the
application  of any term,  provision,  covenant or condition of this Note to any
party or circumstance shall be found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be,
to any extent, invalid or unenforceable, then the remainder of this Note and the
application  of such  term,  provision,  covenant,  or  condition  to parties or
circumstances  other than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable,
shall not be affected thereby, and each term,  provision,  covenant or condition
shall be valid  and  enforced  to the  fullest  extent  permitted  by law.  Upon
determination that any such term,  provision,  covenant or condition is invalid,
illegal or  unenforceable,  Agent and/or  Holder may, but are not  obligated to,
advance funds to Borrowers  under this Note until Borrowers and Agent amend this
Note so as to effect the  original  intent of the parties as closely as possible
in a valid and enforceable manner.

     11. No amendment, supplement or modification of this Note nor any waiver of
any provision of this Note shall be made except in writing executed by the party
against whom enforcement is sought.

     12. This Note shall be binding  upon the  undersigned  Borrowers  and their
successors and assigns. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the undersigned Borrowers
may not assign any of their  rights or delegate any of their  obligations  under
this Note without the prior written  consent of Agent,  which may be withheld in
its sole discretion.

     13.  Agent,  at any time and without the  consent of  Borrowers,  may grant
participations in or sell, transfer, assign and convey all or any portion of its
right,  title and interest in and to the Loan,  this Note,  the  Mortgages,  the
Leasehold  Mortgages  and the other  Loan  Documents,  any  guaranties  given in
connection with the Loan and any Collateral given to secure the Loan.

     14. Notices shall be given under this Note in conformity with the terms and
conditions of Section 9.8 of the Loan Agreement.

     15. Time is of the essence of this Note and the  performance of each of the
covenants and agreements contained herein.

     16. THIS NOTE IS TO BE GOVERNED BY AND  CONSTRUED  IN  ACCORDANCE  WITH THE
LAWS OF THE  STATE OF  ILLINOIS  WITHOUT  RESPECT  TO ANY  OTHERWISE  APPLICABLE
CONFLICTS-OF-LAWS   PRINCIPLES,  BOTH  AS  TO  INTERPRETATION  AND  PERFORMANCE.
BORROWERS AND, BY HOLDER'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, AGENT AND HOLDER,  EXPRESSLY
CONSENT AND AGREE TO THE  NON-EXCLUSIVE  JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE
OF  ILLINOIS  AND TO THE LAYING OF VENUE IN THE STATE OF  ILLINOIS,  WAIVING ALL
CLAIMS OR  DEFENSES  BASED ON LACK OF  PERSONAL  JURISDICTION,  IMPROPER  VENUE,
INCONVENIENT  FORUM OR THE LIKE.  BORROWERS AND, BY HOLDER'S  ACCEPTANCE OF THIS
NOTE, AGENT AND HOLDER HEREBY CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS BY MAILING A COPY OF
THE SUMMONS TO  BORROWERS,  AGENT OR HOLDER BY  CERTIFIED  OR  REGISTERED  MAIL,
POSTAGE  PREPAID,  TO THE  ADDRESSES  SET  FORTH  IN  SECTION  9.8  OF THE  LOAN
AGREEMENT. BORROWERS, AGENT AND HOLDER FURTHER WAIVE ANY CLAIM FOR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTION  TAKEN OR OMITTED TO BE TAKEN BY LENDER IN GOOD
FAITH.

     17. In any  litigation,  trial,  arbitration  or other  dispute  resolution
proceeding  relating  to  this  Note or any of the  other  Loan  Documents,  all
directors,  officers, employees and agents of each Borrower or of its Affiliates
shall be deemed to be employees or managing agents of such Borrower for purposes
of all  applicable  law or court rules  regarding the production of witnesses by
notice for testimony  (whether in a  deposition,  at trial or  otherwise).  Each
Borrower  in  any  event  will  use  all  commercially  reasonable  efforts,  in
compliance and in accordance with applicable law, to produce in any such dispute
resolution  proceeding,  at the time and in the manner  requested by Agent,  all
Persons,  documents  (whether in  tangible,  electronic  or other form) or other
things  under its control and relating to the dispute in any  jurisdiction  that
recognizes that (or any similar) distinction.

     18.  BORROWERS AND, BY HOLDER'S  ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE,  HOLDER AND AGENT
HEREBY  WAIVE  THEIR  RESPECTIVE  RIGHTS  TO A TRIAL  BY JURY IN ANY  ACTION  OR
PROCEEDING  BASED UPON,  OR RELATED TO, THE SUBJECT  MATTER OF THIS NOTE AND THE
BUSINESS  RELATIONSHIP  THAT IS BEING  ESTABLISHED.  THIS  WAIVER IS  KNOWINGLY,
INTENTIONALLY  AND  VOLUNTARILY  MADE  BY  BORROWERS,   LENDER  AND  AGENT,  AND
BORROWERS, HOLDER AND AGENT ACKNOWLEDGE THAT NEITHER BORROWERS, AGENT, OR HOLDER
NOR ANY PERSON ACTING ON BEHALF OF THEM HAS MADE ANY  REPRESENTATIONS OF FACT TO
INDUCE THIS  WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY OR HAS TAKEN ANY  ACTIONS  WHICH IN ANY WAY
MODIFY OR NULLIFY ITS EFFECT. BORROWERS,  HOLDER AND AGENT ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS
WAIVER IS A MATERIAL  INDUCEMENT  TO ENTER INTO A  BUSINESS  RELATIONSHIP,  THAT
BORROWERS,  HOLDER AND AGENT HAVE ALREADY RELIED ON THIS WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO
OR  ACCEPTING  THIS  NOTE AND THAT EACH OF THEM  WILL  CONTINUE  TO RELY ON THIS
WAIVER IN THEIR RELATED  FUTURE  DEALINGS.  BORROWERS,  AGENT AND HOLDER FURTHER
ACKNOWLEDGE  THAT THEY HAVE BEEN  REPRESENTED (OR HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO BE
REPRESENTED) IN THE SIGNING OR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE AND IN THE MAKING OF THIS
WAIVER BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL.

                             SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW

<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  intending to be legally bound, and intending that this
Term Note constitutes an instrument  executed under seal,  Borrowers have caused
this Term Note to be executed under seal as of the date first written above.

                             BORROWERS:
                             OHI ASSET, LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (FL), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (IN), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (LA), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (TX), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (ID), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (MI/NC), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (OH), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (MO), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (CA), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             DELTA INVESTORS I, LLC,
                             a Maryland limited liability company
                             DELTA INVESTORS II, LLC,
                             a Maryland limited liability company
                             NRS VENTURES, LLC,
                             a Kentucky limited liability company

                             By:     Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc., a
                                     Maryland corporation, as the sole member
                                     of each such company
                             By:
                                     ----------------------------------------
                             Name:   Daniel J. Booth
                             Title:  Chief Operating Officer


<PAGE>

                             OHI (ILLINOIS), INC.,
                             an Illinois corporation
                             OHI (INDIANA), INC.,
                             an Indiana corporation
                             STERLING ACQUISITION CORP.,
                             a Kentucky corporation

                             By:
                                     ----------------------------------------
                             Name:   Daniel J. Booth
                             Title:  Chief Operating Officer of each such
                                     corporation

<PAGE>

                                EXHIBIT 1.1.2(a)

                             FORM OF REVOLVING NOTE



                                                               Loan No. 72004093

                                 REVOLVING NOTE

$____________                                                     June ___, 2003


     FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  the undersigned,  OHI ASSET, LLC, OHI ASSET (FL), LLC,
OHI ASSET (IN),  LLC, OHI ASSET (LA),  LLC, OHI ASSET (TX), LLC, OHI ASSET (ID),
LLC, OHI ASSET (MI/NC), LLC, OHI ASSET (OH), LLC, OHI ASSET (MO), LLC, OHI ASSET
(CA), LLC, DELTA  INVESTORS I, LLC, DELTA INVESTORS II, LLC, NRS VENTURES,  LLC,
OHI  (ILLINOIS),  INC.,  OHI  (INDIANA),  INC.  and STERLING  ACQUISITION  CORP.
(collectively,  "Borrowers"),  promise  to pay,  in lawful  money of the  United
States,  to  the  order  of  ____________________,  a  _________________________
("Holder") at the offices of GENERAL  ELECTRIC CAPITAL  CORPORATION,  a Delaware
corporation   ("GECC"),   as   Agent   for   Holder,   the   principal   sum  of
___________________  and  No/100  Dollars  ($_____________),  or  if  less,  the
aggregate unpaid amount of all Revolving Credit Advances made to the undersigned
pursuant to the Loan  Agreement  dated as of even date herewith by and among the
undersigned  Borrowers,   GECC,  as  Agent  and  a  Lender,  and  the  financial
institutions  who are or  hereafter  become  parties  to the Loan  Agreement  as
Lenders (as amended, modified, restated or replaced from time to time, the "Loan
Agreement"),  plus interest on the unpaid balance  thereof and all other amounts
added thereto pursuant to this Revolving Note (as amended, modified, restated or
replaced from time to time, this "Note") or otherwise payable to Holder pursuant
to the Loan  Documents,  calculated  on the basis of the  actual  number of days
elapsed over a year of 360 days,  at the Interest  Rate (or if  applicable,  the
Default  Rate),  as set forth in the Loan  Agreement.  Payments shall be made to
Agent at the following address: GEMSA Loan Services, File 59229, Los Angeles, CA
90074-9229 (or such other address as Agent may hereafter designate in writing to
Borrowers).

     1. All  capitalized  terms used and not otherwise  specifically  defined in
this Note shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement.

     2. This Note is one of the  Revolving  Notes  issued  pursuant  to the Loan
Agreement. Reference is hereby made to the Loan Agreement for a statement of all
of the terms and conditions  under which the Revolving  Loan,  evidenced in part
hereby,  is made and is to be repaid.  In the event of any conflict  between the
terms of this  Note and the terms of the Loan  Agreement,  the terms of the Loan
Agreement shall prevail. All of the terms,  covenants,  provisions,  conditions,
stipulations,  promises and  agreements  contained  in the Loan  Documents to be
kept,  observed and/or performed by the undersigned are made a part of this Note
and are  incorporated  into this Note by this  reference  to the same extent and
with the same force and effect as if they were fully set forth in this Note; and
the  undersigned  promise and agree to keep,  observe and perform  them or cause
them to be kept, observed and performed,  strictly in accordance with the terms,
provisions and conditions set forth in the Loan Documents.

     3. The date and amount of each Revolving  Credit Advance made by Lenders to
Borrowers,  the rates of interest  applicable thereto and the date and amount of
each  payment  made on account of the  principal  thereof,  shall be recorded by
Agent  on its  books;  provided,  that  the  failure  of  Agent to make any such
recordation shall not affect the obligations of Borrowers to make a payment when
due of any amount owing under the Loan Agreement or this Note.

     4. The  principal  amount of the  indebtedness  evidenced  hereby  shall be
payable  in the  amounts  and on the  dates  specified  in the  Loan  Agreement.
Interest  thereon shall be paid until such  principal  amount is paid in full at
such interest rates and at such times, and pursuant to such calculations, as are
specified  in the Loan  Agreement.  The terms of the Loan  Agreement  are hereby
incorporated herein by reference.

     5. This Note shall  become due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (a)
the Maturity  Date, or (b) the occurrence of any Event of Default under the Loan
Agreement,  or any other event under any other Loan Documents which would result
in this Note becoming due and payable,  whereupon Agent,  upon written notice to
Borrowers,  declares this Note to be immediately due and payable.  At such time,
the  entire  principal  balance  of this  Note and all  other  fees,  costs  and
expenses,  if any,  that are  required  to be paid  pursuant  to the  terms  and
conditions  of the Loan  Documents,  shall be due and payable in full.  Upon the
failure of Borrowers to pay the entire amount of  Indebtedness  when due,  Agent
shall  then  have the  option at any time and from  time to time  thereafter  to
exercise  all of the rights and remedies set forth in this Note and in the other
Loan Documents,  as well as all rights and remedies otherwise available to Agent
and/or Holder at law or in equity, to collect the unpaid indebtedness under this
Note and the other Loan Documents.  This Note is secured by the  Collateral,  as
defined in and described in the Loan  Agreement.  Borrowers may prepay this Note
in full or in part in  accordance  with the  terms  and  conditions  of the Loan
Agreement.

     6. Whenever any principal  and/or interest and/or fee under this Note shall
not be paid when due, or at the Maturity Date or following  acceleration of this
Note after any Event of  Default,  or during any Event of  Default,  interest on
this Note shall  thereafter  be  payable  at a rate per annum  equal to four (4)
percentage  points  above the  Interest  Rate (the  "Default  Rate")  until such
amounts  shall be paid  and,  if  applicable,  all such  non-monetary  Events of
Default are cured (and such cure is accepted) or waived.

     7. The undersigned  Borrowers,  Agent and Holder intend to conform strictly
to the applicable  usury laws in effect from time to time during the Term of the
Loan. Accordingly, if any transaction contemplated by the Loan Agreement or this
Note would be usurious under such laws, then notwithstanding any other provision
hereof:  (a) the aggregate of all interest that is contracted for,  charged,  or
received  under this Note or under any other Loan Document  shall not exceed the
maximum  amount of  interest  allowed by  applicable  law (the  "Highest  Lawful
Rate"),  and any excess shall be promptly  credited to the  undersigned by Agent
(or, to the extent  that such  consideration  shall have been paid,  such excess
shall be  promptly  refunded  to the  undersigned  by  Holder);  (b) neither the
undersigned  Borrowers,  nor any other Person (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
now or hereafter  liable  hereunder shall be obligated to pay the amount of such
interest to the extent that it is in excess of the Highest  Lawful Rate; and (c)
the effective  rate of interest shall be reduced to the Highest Lawful Rate. All
sums  paid,  or  agreed  to be  paid,  to  Agent  and/or  Holder  for  the  use,
forbearance,  and  detention of the debt of Borrowers  to Holder  shall,  to the
extent  permitted by applicable  law, be allocated  throughout  the full term of
this Note until payment is made in full so that the actual rate of interest does
not exceed the Highest Lawful Rate in effect at any  particular  time during the
full term thereof.  If at any time the rate of interest  under this Note exceeds
the Highest  Lawful Rate,  the rate of interest to accrue  pursuant to this Note
shall be limited,  notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Note, to the
Highest Lawful Rate,  but any  subsequent  reductions in the Interest Rate shall
not reduce the interest to accrue pursuant to this Note below the Highest Lawful
Rate until the total  amount of interest  accrued  equals the amount of interest
that would have accrued if a varying  rate per annum equal to the interest  rate
under the Note had at all times been in effect.  If the total amount of interest
paid or accrued  pursuant to this Note under the  foregoing  provisions  is less
than the total amount of interest  that would have accrued if a varying rate per
annum equal to the applicable  interest rate under this Note had been in effect,
then the undersigned  agrees to pay to Agent for the benefit of Holder an amount
equal to the  difference  between  (x) the lesser of (A) the amount of  interest
that would  have  accrued if the  Highest  Lawful  Rate had at all times been in
effect,  or (B) the amount of interest that would have accrued if a varying rate
per annum equal to the applicable  interest rate under the Note had at all times
been in effect,  and (y) the amount of interest  accrued in accordance  with the
other provisions of this Note and the Loan Agreement.

     8.  Each  party  liable  on this Note in any  capacity,  whether  as maker,
endorser,  surety,  guarantor or otherwise,  (a) waives presentment for payment,
demand,  protest  and  notice  of  presentment,  notice  of  protest,  notice of
non-payment  and notice of dishonor of this debt and each and every other notice
of any kind  respecting  this Note  (unless  expressly  required  under the Loan
Documents)  and all lack of diligence  or delays in  collection  or  enforcement
hereof;  (b)  agrees  that  Agent at any time or  times,  without  notice to the
undersigned or its consent,  may grant  extensions of time,  without limit as to
the number of the aggregate  period of such  extensions,  for the payment of any
principal,  interest or other sums due hereunder; (c) to the extent permitted by
law,  waives all exemptions  under the laws of the State of Illinois  and/or any
state or territory  of the United  States;  (d) to the extent  permitted by law,
waives  the  benefit of any law or rule of law  intended  for its  advantage  or
protection  as an  obligor  under  this Note or  providing  for its  release  or
discharge  from  liability on this Note,  in whole or in part, on account of any
facts or  circumstances  other than full and complete payment of all amounts due
under this Note;  and (e) agrees to pay,  in addition to all other sums of money
due, all reasonable  costs of collection and  attorney's  fees,  whether suit be
brought or not, if this Note is not paid in full when due, whether at the stated
maturity or by acceleration.

     9. No  waiver  by  Agent  or  Holder  of any one or  more  defaults  by the
undersigned in the performance of any of their obligations under this Note shall
operate or be construed as a waiver of any future  default or defaults,  whether
of a like or  different  nature.  No  failure  or  delay on the part of Agent or
Holder in  exercising  any right,  power or remedy  under this Note  (including,
without  limitation,  the  right to  declare  this Note due and  payable)  shall
operate  as a waiver  of such  right,  power or remedy  nor shall any  single or
partial  exercise  of any such  right,  power or  remedy  preclude  any other or
further  exercise  of such right,  power or remedy or the  exercise of any other
right, power or remedy.

     10. If any  term,  provision,  covenant  or  condition  of this Note or the
application  of any term,  provision,  covenant or condition of this Note to any
party or circumstance shall be found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be,
to any extent, invalid or unenforceable, then the remainder of this Note and the
application  of such  term,  provision,  covenant,  or  condition  to parties or
circumstances  other than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable,
shall not be affected thereby, and each term,  provision,  covenant or condition
shall be valid  and  enforced  to the  fullest  extent  permitted  by law.  Upon
determination that any such term,  provision,  covenant or condition is invalid,
illegal or  unenforceable,  Agent and/or  Holder may, but are not  obligated to,
advance funds to Borrowers  under this Note until Borrowers and Agent amend this
Note so as to effect the  original  intent of the parties as closely as possible
in a valid and enforceable manner.

     11. No amendment, supplement or modification of this Note nor any waiver of
any provision of this Note shall be made except in writing executed by the party
against whom enforcement is sought.

     12. This Note shall be binding  upon the  undersigned  Borrowers  and their
successors and assigns. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the undersigned Borrowers
may not assign any of their  rights or delegate any of their  obligations  under
this Note without the prior written  consent of Agent,  which may be withheld in
its sole discretion.

     13.  Agent,  at any time and without the  consent of  Borrowers,  may grant
participations in or sell, transfer, assign and convey all or any portion of its
right,  title and interest in and to the Loan,  this Note,  the  Mortgages,  the
Leasehold  Mortgages  and the other  Loan  Documents,  any  guaranties  given in
connection with the Loan and any Collateral given to secure the Loan.

     14. Notices shall be given under this Note in conformity with the terms and
conditions of Section 9.8 the Loan Agreement.

     15. Time is of the essence of this Note and the  performance of each of the
covenants and agreements contained herein.

     16. THIS NOTE IS TO BE GOVERNED BY AND  CONSTRUED  IN  ACCORDANCE  WITH THE
LAWS OF THE  STATE OF  ILLINOIS  WITHOUT  RESPECT  TO ANY  OTHERWISE  APPLICABLE
CONFLICTS-OF-LAWS   PRINCIPLES,  BOTH  AS  TO  INTERPRETATION  AND  PERFORMANCE.
BORROWERS AND, BY HOLDER'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, AGENT AND HOLDER,  EXPRESSLY
CONSENT AND AGREE TO THE  NON-EXCLUSIVE  JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE
OF  ILLINOIS  AND TO THE LAYING OF VENUE IN THE STATE OF  ILLINOIS,  WAIVING ALL
CLAIMS OR  DEFENSES  BASED ON LACK OF  PERSONAL  JURISDICTION,  IMPROPER  VENUE,
INCONVENIENT  FORUM OR THE LIKE.  BORROWERS AND, BY HOLDER'S  ACCEPTANCE OF THIS
NOTE, AGENT AND HOLDER HEREBY CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS BY MAILING A COPY OF
THE SUMMONS TO  BORROWERS,  AGENT OR HOLDER BY  CERTIFIED  OR  REGISTERED  MAIL,
POSTAGE  PREPAID,  TO THE  ADDRESSES  SET  FORTH  IN  SECTION  9.8  OF THE  LOAN
AGREEMENT. BORROWERS, AGENT AND HOLDER FURTHER WAIVE ANY CLAIM FOR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTION  TAKEN OR OMITTED TO BE TAKEN BY LENDER IN GOOD
FAITH.

     17. In any  litigation,  trial,  arbitration  or other  dispute  resolution
proceeding  relating  to  this  Note or any of the  other  Loan  Documents,  all
directors,  officers, employees and agents of each Borrower or of its Affiliates
shall be deemed to be employees or managing agents of such Borrower for purposes
of all  applicable  law or court rules  regarding the production of witnesses by
notice for testimony  (whether in a  deposition,  at trial or  otherwise).  Each
Borrower  in  any  event  will  use  all  commercially  reasonable  efforts,  in
compliance and in accordance with applicable law, to produce in any such dispute
resolution  proceeding,  at the time and in the manner  requested by Agent,  all
Persons,  documents  (whether in  tangible,  electronic  or other form) or other
things  under its control and relating to the dispute in any  jurisdiction  that
recognizes that (or any similar) distinction.

     18.  BORROWERS AND BY HOLDER'S  ACCEPTANCE  OF THIS NOTE,  HOLDER AND AGENT
HEREBY  WAIVE  THEIR  RESPECTIVE  RIGHTS  TO A TRIAL  BY JURY IN ANY  ACTION  OR
PROCEEDING  BASED UPON,  OR RELATED TO, THE SUBJECT  MATTER OF THIS NOTE AND THE
BUSINESS  RELATIONSHIP  THAT IS BEING  ESTABLISHED.  THIS  WAIVER IS  KNOWINGLY,
INTENTIONALLY  AND  VOLUNTARILY  MADE  BY  BORROWERS,   LENDER  AND  AGENT,  AND
BORROWERS, HOLDER AND AGENT ACKNOWLEDGE THAT NEITHER BORROWERS, AGENT, OR HOLDER
NOR ANY PERSON ACTING ON BEHALF OF THEM HAS MADE ANY  REPRESENTATIONS OF FACT TO
INDUCE THIS  WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY OR HAS TAKEN ANY  ACTIONS  WHICH IN ANY WAY
MODIFY OR NULLIFY ITS EFFECT. BORROWERS,  HOLDER AND AGENT ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS
WAIVER IS A MATERIAL  INDUCEMENT  TO ENTER INTO A  BUSINESS  RELATIONSHIP,  THAT
BORROWERS,  HOLDER AND AGENT HAVE ALREADY RELIED ON THIS WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO
OR  ACCEPTING  THIS  NOTE AND THAT EACH OF THEM  WILL  CONTINUE  TO RELY ON THIS
WAIVER IN THEIR RELATED  FUTURE  DEALINGS.  BORROWERS,  AGENT AND HOLDER FURTHER
ACKNOWLEDGE  THAT THEY HAVE BEEN  REPRESENTED (OR HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO BE
REPRESENTED) IN THE SIGNING OR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE AND IN THE MAKING OF THIS
WAIVER BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL.

                             SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW

<PAGE>



     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  intending to be legally bound, and intending that this
Revolving  Note  constitutes an instrument  executed under seal,  Borrowers have
caused  this  Revolving  Note to be  executed  under  seal as of the date  first
written above.

                             BORROWERS:
                             OHI ASSET, LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (FL), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (IN), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (LA), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (TX), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (ID), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (MI/NC), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (OH), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (MO), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (CA), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             DELTA INVESTORS I, LLC,
                             a Maryland limited liability company
                             DELTA INVESTORS II, LLC,
                             a Maryland limited liability company
                             NRS VENTURES, LLC,
                             a Kentucky limited liability company

                             By:     Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc., a
                                     Maryland corporation, as the sole member
                                     of each such company
                             By:
                                     ----------------------------------------
                             Name:   Daniel J. Booth
                             Title:  Chief Operating Officer


<PAGE>

                             OHI (ILLINOIS), INC.,
                             an Illinois corporation
                             OHI (INDIANA), INC.,
                             an Indiana corporation
                             STERLING ACQUISITION CORP.,
                             a Kentucky corporation

                             By:
                                     ----------------------------------------
                             Name:   Daniel J. Booth
                             Title:  Chief Operating Officer of each such
                                     corporation

<PAGE>

                                EXHIBIT 1.1.3(a)

                             FORM OF SWING LINE NOTE



                                                               Loan No. 70004093

                                 SWING LINE NOTE

$____________                                                     June ___, 2003


     FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  the undersigned,  OHI ASSET, LLC, OHI ASSET (FL), LLC,
OHI ASSET (IN),  LLC, OHI ASSET (LA),  LLC, OHI ASSET (TX), LLC, OHI ASSET (ID),
LLC, OHI ASSET (MI/NC), LLC, OHI ASSET (OH), LLC, OHI ASSET (MO), LLC, OHI ASSET
(CA), LLC, DELTA  INVESTORS I, LLC, DELTA INVESTORS II, LLC, NRS VENTURES,  LLC,
OHI  (ILLINOIS),  INC.,  OHI  (INDIANA),  INC.  and STERLING  ACQUISITION  CORP.
(collectively,  "Borrowers"),  promise  to pay,  in lawful  money of the  United
States,  to the  order of  GENERAL  ELECTRIC  CAPITAL  CORPORATION,  a  Delaware
corporation ("Holder") at the offices of GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION, a
Delaware  corporation  ("GECC"),  as Agent  for  Holder,  the  principal  sum of
___________________  and  No/100  Dollars  ($_____________),  or  if  less,  the
aggregate  unpaid  amount of all Swing  Line  Advances  made to the  undersigned
pursuant to the Loan  Agreement  dated as of even date herewith by and among the
undersigned  Borrowers,   GECC,  as  Agent  and  a  Lender,  and  the  financial
institutions  who are or  hereafter  become  parties  to the Loan  Agreement  as
Lenders (as amended, modified, restated or replaced from time to time, the "Loan
Agreement"),  plus interest on the unpaid balance  thereof and all other amounts
added thereto pursuant to this Swing Line Note (as amended,  modified,  restated
or  replaced  from time to time,  this  "Note") or  otherwise  payable to Holder
pursuant to the Loan Documents,  calculated on the basis of the actual number of
days elapsed over a year of 360 days,  at the Interest  Rate (or if  applicable,
the Default Rate), as set forth in the Loan Agreement. Payments shall be made to
Agent at the following address: GEMSA Loan Services, File 59229, Los Angeles, CA
90074-9229 (or such other address as Agent may hereafter designate in writing to
Borrowers).

     1. All  capitalized  terms used and not otherwise  specifically  defined in
this Note shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement.

     2. This Note is one of the Swing Line  Notes  issued  pursuant  to the Loan
Agreement. Reference is hereby made to the Loan Agreement for a statement of all
of the terms and conditions  under which the Revolving  Loan,  evidenced in part
hereby,  is made and is to be repaid.  In the event of any conflict  between the
terms of this  Note and the terms of the Loan  Agreement,  the terms of the Loan
Agreement shall prevail. All of the terms,  covenants,  provisions,  conditions,
stipulations,  promises and  agreements  contained  in the Loan  Documents to be
kept,  observed and/or performed by the undersigned are made a part of this Note
and are  incorporated  into this Note by this  reference  to the same extent and
with the same force and effect as if they were fully set forth in this Note; and
the  undersigned  promise and agree to keep,  observe and perform  them or cause
them to be kept, observed and performed,  strictly in accordance with the terms,
provisions and conditions set forth in the Loan Documents.

     3. The date and  amount  of each  Swing  Line  Advance  made by  Lender  to
Borrowers,  the rates of interest  applicable thereto and the date and amount of
each  payment  made on account of the  principal  thereof,  shall be recorded by
Agent  on its  books;  provided,  that  the  failure  of  Agent to make any such
recordation shall not affect the obligations of Borrowers to make a payment when
due of any amount owing under the Loan Agreement or this Note.

     4. The  principal  amount of the  indebtedness  evidenced  hereby  shall be
payable  in the  amounts  and on the  dates  specified  in the  Loan  Agreement.
Interest  thereon shall be paid until such  principal  amount is paid in full at
such interest rates and at such times, and pursuant to such calculations, as are
specified  in the Loan  Agreement.  The terms of the Loan  Agreement  are hereby
incorporated herein by reference.

     5. This Note shall  become due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (a)
the Maturity  Date, or (b) the occurrence of any Event of Default under the Loan
Agreement,  or any other event under any other Loan Documents which would result
in this Note becoming due and payable,  whereupon Agent,  upon written notice to
Borrowers,  declares this Note to be immediately due and payable.  At such time,
the  entire  principal  balance  of this  Note and all  other  fees,  costs  and
expenses,  if any,  that are  required  to be paid  pursuant  to the  terms  and
conditions  of the Loan  Documents,  shall be due and payable in full.  Upon the
failure of Borrowers to pay the entire amount of  Indebtedness  when due,  Agent
shall  then  have the  option at any time and from  time to time  thereafter  to
exercise  all of the rights and remedies set forth in this Note and in the other
Loan Documents,  as well as all rights and remedies otherwise available to Agent
and/or Holder at law or in equity, to collect the unpaid indebtedness under this
Note and the other Loan Documents.  This Note is secured by the  Collateral,  as
defined in and described in the Loan  Agreement.  Borrowers may prepay this Note
in full or in part in  accordance  with the  terms  and  conditions  of the Loan
Agreement.

     6. Whenever any principal  and/or interest and/or fee under this Note shall
not be paid when due, or at the Maturity Date or following  acceleration of this
Note after any Event of  Default,  or during any Event of  Default,  interest on
this Note shall  thereafter  be  payable  at a rate per annum  equal to four (4)
percentage  points  above the  Interest  Rate (the  "Default  Rate")  until such
amounts  shall be paid  and,  if  applicable,  all such  non-monetary  Events of
Default are cured (and such cure is accepted) or waived.

     7. The undersigned  Borrowers,  Agent and Holder intend to conform strictly
to the applicable  usury laws in effect from time to time during the Term of the
Loan. Accordingly, if any transaction contemplated by the Loan Agreement or this
Note would be usurious under such laws, then notwithstanding any other provision
hereof:  (a) the aggregate of all interest that is contracted for,  charged,  or
received  under this Note or under any other Loan Document  shall not exceed the
maximum  amount of  interest  allowed by  applicable  law (the  "Highest  Lawful
Rate"),  and any excess shall be promptly  credited to the  undersigned by Agent
(or, to the extent  that such  consideration  shall have been paid,  such excess
shall be  promptly  refunded  to the  undersigned  by  Holder);  (b) neither the
undersigned  Borrowers,  nor any other Person (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
now or hereafter  liable  hereunder shall be obligated to pay the amount of such
interest to the extent that it is in excess of the Highest  Lawful Rate; and (c)
the effective  rate of interest shall be reduced to the Highest Lawful Rate. All
sums  paid,  or  agreed  to be  paid,  to  Agent  and/or  Holder  for  the  use,
forbearance,  and  detention of the debt of Borrowers  to Holder  shall,  to the
extent  permitted by applicable  law, be allocated  throughout  the full term of
this Note until payment is made in full so that the actual rate of interest does
not exceed the Highest Lawful Rate in effect at any  particular  time during the
full term thereof.  If at any time the rate of interest  under this Note exceeds
the Highest  Lawful Rate,  the rate of interest to accrue  pursuant to this Note
shall be limited,  notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Note, to the
Highest Lawful Rate,  but any  subsequent  reductions in the Interest Rate shall
not reduce the interest to accrue pursuant to this Note below the Highest Lawful
Rate until the total  amount of interest  accrued  equals the amount of interest
that would have accrued if a varying  rate per annum equal to the interest  rate
under the Note had at all times been in effect.  If the total amount of interest
paid or accrued  pursuant to this Note under the  foregoing  provisions  is less
than the total amount of interest  that would have accrued if a varying rate per
annum equal to the applicable  interest rate under this Note had been in effect,
then the undersigned  agrees to pay to Agent for the benefit of Holder an amount
equal to the  difference  between  (x) the lesser of (A) the amount of  interest
that would  have  accrued if the  Highest  Lawful  Rate had at all times been in
effect,  or (B) the amount of interest that would have accrued if a varying rate
per annum equal to the applicable  interest rate under the Note had at all times
been in effect,  and (y) the amount of interest  accrued in accordance  with the
other provisions of this Note and the Loan Agreement.

     8.  Each  party  liable  on this Note in any  capacity,  whether  as maker,
endorser,  surety,  guarantor or otherwise,  (a) waives presentment for payment,
demand,  protest  and  notice  of  presentment,  notice  of  protest,  notice of
non-payment  and notice of dishonor of this debt and each and every other notice
of any kind  respecting  this Note  (unless  expressly  required  under the Loan
Documents)  and all lack of diligence  or delays in  collection  or  enforcement
hereof;  (b)  agrees  that  Agent at any time or  times,  without  notice to the
undersigned or its consent,  may grant  extensions of time,  without limit as to
the number of the aggregate  period of such  extensions,  for the payment of any
principal,  interest or other sums due hereunder; (c) to the extent permitted by
law,  waives all exemptions  under the laws of the State of Illinois  and/or any
state or territory  of the United  States;  (d) to the extent  permitted by law,
waives  the  benefit of any law or rule of law  intended  for its  advantage  or
protection  as an  obligor  under  this Note or  providing  for its  release  or
discharge  from  liability on this Note,  in whole or in part, on account of any
facts or  circumstances  other than full and complete payment of all amounts due
under this Note;  and (e) agrees to pay,  in addition to all other sums of money
due, all reasonable  costs of collection and  attorney's  fees,  whether suit be
brought or not, if this Note is not paid in full when due, whether at the stated
maturity or by acceleration.

     9. No  waiver  by  Agent  or  Holder  of any one or  more  defaults  by the
undersigned in the performance of any of their obligations under this Note shall
operate or be construed as a waiver of any future  default or defaults,  whether
of a like or  different  nature.  No  failure  or  delay on the part of Agent or
Holder in  exercising  any right,  power or remedy  under this Note  (including,
without  limitation,  the  right to  declare  this Note due and  payable)  shall
operate  as a waiver  of such  right,  power or remedy  nor shall any  single or
partial  exercise  of any such  right,  power or  remedy  preclude  any other or
further  exercise  of such right,  power or remedy or the  exercise of any other
right, power or remedy.

     10. If any  term,  provision,  covenant  or  condition  of this Note or the
application  of any term,  provision,  covenant or condition of this Note to any
party or circumstance shall be found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be,
to any extent, invalid or unenforceable, then the remainder of this Note and the
application  of such  term,  provision,  covenant,  or  condition  to parties or
circumstances  other than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable,
shall not be affected thereby, and each term,  provision,  covenant or condition
shall be valid  and  enforced  to the  fullest  extent  permitted  by law.  Upon
determination that any such term,  provision,  covenant or condition is invalid,
illegal or  unenforceable,  Agent and/or  Holder may, but are not  obligated to,
advance funds to Borrowers  under this Note until Borrowers and Agent amend this
Note so as to effect the  original  intent of the parties as closely as possible
in a valid and enforceable manner.

     11. No amendment, supplement or modification of this Note nor any waiver of
any provision of this Note shall be made except in writing executed by the party
against whom enforcement is sought.

     12. This Note shall be binding  upon the  undersigned  Borrowers  and their
successors and assigns. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the undersigned Borrowers
may not assign any of their  rights or delegate any of their  obligations  under
this Note without the prior written  consent of Agent,  which may be withheld in
its sole discretion.

     13.  Agent,  at any time and without the  consent of  Borrowers,  may grant
participations in or sell, transfer, assign and convey all or any portion of its
right,  title and interest in and to the Loan,  this Note,  the  Mortgages,  the
Leasehold  Mortgages  and the other  Loan  Documents,  any  guaranties  given in
connection with the Loan and any Collateral given to secure the Loan.

     14. Notices shall be given under this Note in conformity with the terms and
conditions of Section 9.8 the Loan Agreement.

     15. Time is of the essence of this Note and the  performance of each of the
covenants and agreements contained herein.

     16. THIS NOTE IS TO BE GOVERNED BY AND  CONSTRUED  IN  ACCORDANCE  WITH THE
LAWS OF THE  STATE OF  ILLINOIS  WITHOUT  RESPECT  TO ANY  OTHERWISE  APPLICABLE
CONFLICTS-OF-LAWS   PRINCIPLES,  BOTH  AS  TO  INTERPRETATION  AND  PERFORMANCE.
BORROWERS AND, BY HOLDER'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, AGENT AND HOLDER,  EXPRESSLY
CONSENT AND AGREE TO THE  NON-EXCLUSIVE  JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE
OF  ILLINOIS  AND TO THE LAYING OF VENUE IN THE STATE OF  ILLINOIS,  WAIVING ALL
CLAIMS OR  DEFENSES  BASED ON LACK OF  PERSONAL  JURISDICTION,  IMPROPER  VENUE,
INCONVENIENT  FORUM OR THE LIKE.  BORROWERS AND, BY HOLDER'S  ACCEPTANCE OF THIS
NOTE, AGENT AND HOLDER HEREBY CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS BY MAILING A COPY OF
THE SUMMONS TO  BORROWERS,  AGENT OR HOLDER BY  CERTIFIED  OR  REGISTERED  MAIL,
POSTAGE  PREPAID,  TO THE  ADDRESSES  SET  FORTH  IN  SECTION  9.8  OF THE  LOAN
AGREEMENT. BORROWERS, AGENT AND HOLDER FURTHER WAIVE ANY CLAIM FOR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTION  TAKEN OR OMITTED TO BE TAKEN BY LENDER IN GOOD
FAITH.

     17. In any  litigation,  trial,  arbitration  or other  dispute  resolution
proceeding  relating  to  this  Note or any of the  other  Loan  Documents,  all
directors,  officers, employees and agents of each Borrower or of its Affiliates
shall be deemed to be employees or managing agents of such Borrower for purposes
of all  applicable  law or court rules  regarding the production of witnesses by
notice for testimony  (whether in a  deposition,  at trial or  otherwise).  Each
Borrower  in  any  event  will  use  all  commercially  reasonable  efforts,  in
compliance and in accordance with applicable law, to produce in any such dispute
resolution  proceeding,  at the time and in the manner  requested by Agent,  all
Persons,  documents  (whether in  tangible,  electronic  or other form) or other
things  under its control and relating to the dispute in any  jurisdiction  that
recognizes that (or any similar) distinction.

     18.  BORROWERS AND BY HOLDER'S  ACCEPTANCE  OF THIS NOTE,  HOLDER AND AGENT
HEREBY  WAIVE  THEIR  RESPECTIVE  RIGHTS  TO A TRIAL  BY JURY IN ANY  ACTION  OR
PROCEEDING  BASED UPON,  OR RELATED TO, THE SUBJECT  MATTER OF THIS NOTE AND THE
BUSINESS  RELATIONSHIP  THAT IS BEING  ESTABLISHED.  THIS  WAIVER IS  KNOWINGLY,
INTENTIONALLY  AND  VOLUNTARILY  MADE  BY  BORROWERS,   LENDER  AND  AGENT,  AND
BORROWERS, HOLDER AND AGENT ACKNOWLEDGE THAT NEITHER BORROWERS, AGENT, OR HOLDER
NOR ANY PERSON ACTING ON BEHALF OF THEM HAS MADE ANY  REPRESENTATIONS OF FACT TO
INDUCE THIS  WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY OR HAS TAKEN ANY  ACTIONS  WHICH IN ANY WAY
MODIFY OR NULLIFY ITS EFFECT. BORROWERS,  HOLDER AND AGENT ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS
WAIVER IS A MATERIAL  INDUCEMENT  TO ENTER INTO A  BUSINESS  RELATIONSHIP,  THAT
BORROWERS,  HOLDER AND AGENT HAVE ALREADY RELIED ON THIS WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO
OR  ACCEPTING  THIS  NOTE AND THAT EACH OF THEM  WILL  CONTINUE  TO RELY ON THIS
WAIVER IN THEIR RELATED  FUTURE  DEALINGS.  BORROWERS,  AGENT AND HOLDER FURTHER
ACKNOWLEDGE  THAT THEY HAVE BEEN  REPRESENTED (OR HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO BE
REPRESENTED) IN THE SIGNING OR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE AND IN THE MAKING OF THIS
WAIVER BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL.

                             SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW

<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  intending to be legally bound, and intending that this
Swing Line Note  constitutes an instrument  executed under seal,  Borrowers have
caused  this  Swing  Line Note to be  executed  under  seal as of the date first
written above.

                             BORROWERS:
                             OHI ASSET, LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (FL), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (IN), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (LA), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (TX), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (ID), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (MI/NC), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (OH), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (MO), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             OHI ASSET (CA), LLC,
                             a Delaware limited liability company
                             DELTA INVESTORS I, LLC,
                             a Maryland limited liability company
                             DELTA INVESTORS II, LLC,
                             a Maryland limited liability company
                             NRS VENTURES, LLC,
                             a Kentucky limited liability company

                             By:     Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc., a
                                     Maryland corporation, as the sole member
                                     of each such company
                             By:
                                     ----------------------------------------
                             Name:   Daniel J. Booth
                             Title:  Chief Operating Officer


<PAGE>

                             OHI (ILLINOIS), INC.,
                             an Illinois corporation
                             OHI (INDIANA), INC.,
                             an Indiana corporation
                             STERLING ACQUISITION CORP.,
                             a Kentucky corporation

                             By:
                                     ----------------------------------------
                             Name:   Daniel J. Booth
                             Title:  Chief Operating Officer of each such
                                     corporation

<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT 1.4.2

                    PRINCIPAL PAYMENTS AMORTTIZATION SCHEDULE



   Month        Term Loan     Amortization
           1    125,000,000      154,307
           2    124,845,693      155,207
           3    124,690,485      156,113
           4    124,534,372      157,023
           5    124,377,349      157,939
           6    124,219,409      158,861
           7    124,060,549      159,787
           8    123,900,761      160,720
           9    123,740,042      161,657
          10    123,578,385      162,600
          11    123,415,784      163,549
          12    123,252,236      164,503
          13    123,087,733      165,462
          14    122,922,271      166,427
          15    122,755,844      167,398
          16    122,588,445      168,375
          17    122,420,071      169,357
          18    122,250,714      170,345
          19    122,080,369      171,339
          20    121,909,030      172,338
          21    121,736,692      173,343
          22    121,563,349      174,354
          23    121,388,995      175,372
          24    121,213,623      176,395
          25    121,037,229      177,423
          26    120,859,805      178,458
          27    120,681,347      179,499
          28    120,501,847      180,547
          29    120,321,301      181,600
          30    120,139,701      182,659
          31    119,957,042      183,725
          32    119,773,317      184,796
          33    119,588,521      185,874
          34    119,402,647      186,959
          35    119,215,688      188,049
          36    119,027,639      189,146
          37    118,838,493      190,249
          38    118,648,243      191,359
          39    118,456,884      192,476
          40    118,264,409      193,598
          41    118,070,810      194,728
          42    117,876,083      195,864
          43    117,680,219      197,006
          44    117,483,213      198,155
          45    117,285,058      199,311
          46    117,085,747      200,474
          47    116,885,273      201,643
          48    116,683,630      202,819
          49    116,480,810      204,003
          50    116,276,808      205,193
          51    116,071,615      206,390
          52    115,865,225      207,594
          53    115,657,632      208,804
          54    115,448,827      210,023
          55    115,238,805      211,248
          56    115,027,557      212,480
          57    114,815,077      213,719
          58    114,601,358      214,966
          59    114,386,392      216,220
          60    114,170,172      217,481

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
