<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.23
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit1023.txt
<DESCRIPTION>MANAGING GENERAL AGENCY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.23
                        MANAGING GENERAL AGENCY AGREEMENT

         Agreement made as of    Sept. 4, 2001      between:

         AMERICAN VEHICLE INSURANCE COMPANY (the "Company"), an insurance
company organized under the laws of Florida and

         ASSURANCE MANAGING GENERAL AGENTS, INC. (the "General Agent"), a
Florida corporation.

         WHEREAS, the Company is a property and casualty company authorized to
issue private passenger automobile insurance policies in the State of Florida
(the "Policies"); and

         WHEREAS, the Company wishes to engage the General Agent to provide
statistical reports, underwrite, market, administer and manage the Policies; and

         WHEREAS, the General Agent desires to market, underwrite, administer
and manage the Policies on behalf of the Company under the direction and
supervision of the Company.

         NOW, THEREFORE, it is agreed as follows:

                       ARTICLE I - TERM AND AUTHORIZATION

1.1      Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date of this
         Agreement (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in full force and
         effect until terminated (as elsewhere provided in this Agreement).

1.2      Authorization. The Company grants General Agent the following
         authority:

         1.2.1    To solicit and process applications for new and renewal
                  Policies solely in the State of Florida for the coverages and
                  maximum limits of liability set forth on Schedule A.

         1.2.2    To issue insurance binders for Policies.

         1.2.3    To rate quote and issue Policies based on underwriting
                  guidelines, rates and insurance contracts approved by the
                  Company and, to the extent required, properly approved and
                  filed with the Florida Department of Insurance (the
                  "Department").

         1.2.4    To make customary endorsement, changes, transfers, and
                  modifications of existing Policies.

         1.2.5    To solicit Policies through duly licensed insurance agents and
                  brokers.

                                  Page 1 of 16
<PAGE>
         1.2.6    To collect and account for premiums and endorse checks payable
                  to the Company, if such checks are received by the General
                  Agent in the regular course of its duties to collect premium
                  monies on the Company's behalf.

         1.2.7    To provide proper and timely cancellation or non-renewal
                  notice to policy holders, certificate holders and regulatory
                  bodies as required by the policy, any statute or regulation,
                  any regulatory order or by the Company.

                          ARTICLE II - REPRESENTATIONS

2.1      Company's Representations. The Company hereby represents and warrants
         to the General Agent that the Company is a corporation duly organized,
         validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of
         Florida and has all requisite corporate power and authority and all
         required Florida insurance licenses to enter into this Agreement.

2.2      General Agent's Representations. The General Agent hereby represents
         and warrants to the Company that the General Agent is a corporation
         duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws
         of the State of Florida, and has all requisite corporate power and
         authority and all required Florida insurance licenses to enter into
         this Agreement.

             ARTICLE III - LIMITATIONS ON GENERAL AGENT'S AUTHORITY

3.1      The General Agent shall not hold itself out as an agent of the Company
         in any other manner or for any other purpose than is specifically
         prescribed in this Agreement.

3.2      The General Agent shall not institute, prosecute, defend or maintain
         any legal proceedings in which the Company is named as a party without
         the Company's prior written consent.

3.3      The General Agent shall not incur an indebtedness on behalf of the
         Company.

3.4      The General Agent shall not appoint agents or sub-agents on behalf of
         the Company; however, the General Agent may register duly licensed
         insurance agents with the State of Florida.

3.5      The General Agent shall have no authority to adjust or settle claims on
         behalf of the Company.

3.6      The General Agent shall have no authority to negotiate, cede, or accept
         reinsurance on behalf of the Company.

3.7      The General Agent has no authority to directly or indirectly solicit,
         sell, offer, bind, issue or deliver any insurance at any reduction or
         deviation from the rates, terms or conditions specified by the Company.
         The General Agent will adhere strictly to the rates and forms
         promulgated and filed by the Company.

                                  Page 2 of 16
<PAGE>
3.8      The General Agent, without prior approval of the insurer, shall not pay
         or commit the insurer to pay a claim over a specified amount, net of
         reinsurance, which exceeds 1 percent of the insurer's policyholders
         surplus as of December 31 of the last completed calendar year.

3.9      The General Agent shall not collect any payment from a reinsurer or
         commit the insurer to any claims settlement with a reinsurer without
         prior approval of the insurer.

                    ARTICLE IV - GENERAL AGENT'S OBLIGATIONS

4.1      Policy and Claim Services. General Agent shall, at General Agent's
         expense, provide Policy administration services as provided in Schedule
         B and shall pay claims approved by the Company or its designated
         representative as provided in Schedule D. General Agent will promptly
         report to the Company all Claims or suits arising under the Policies
         written or bound under this Agreement and all claims or suits against
         the Company relating to any matter to which the provisions of this
         Agreement apply. Further, the General Agent will cooperate fully in the
         investigation and adjustment of all claims and suits and will provide
         the Company or its designees with all requested information relevant to
         this adjustment or defense of such claims or suits, including copies of
         any Policies or other documentation, immediately upon demand.

4.2      Licenses. The General Agent shall possess on the Effective Date and
         maintain all licenses required to perform its obligations under this
         Agreement.

4.3      Statistical Information. The General Agent agrees to provide the
         Company with all pertinent statistical information as requested by the
         Company in the form required by the Company.

         4.3.1    All reports due the Company under this Article (whether in
                  hard copy or maintained on computers) shall be forwarded to
                  the Company within seven (7) days after the end of each month.
                  The electronic data files maintained by General Agent shall be
                  transferred to the Company as frequently as reasonably
                  requested.

         4.3.2    The General Agent shall provide the Company with all requested
                  information, reports and statistical data reasonably requested
                  by the Company in a printed format that is acceptable to the
                  Company. The Company will limit its request to the following:

                  1)       Reports that may be supplied by SIS in its standard
                           reporting format,

                  2)       Reports utilized for the purpose of rate making
                           statistics and/or accounting reports:

                  The General Agent will also be responsible to generate and
                  furnish the following reports:

                                  Page 3 of 16
<PAGE>
                           a)       Any motor vehicle or residential /
                                    commercial information including insured
                                    information required by the State of Florida
                                    in order to satisfy any current or future
                                    legal statute or regulation which includes
                                    delivery to the proper governmental agency
                                    in acceptable format.

                           b)       Any required statistical information for the
                                    purpose of reporting to NISS. The General
                                    Agent will furnish statistical reports in
                                    the NISS report format. All required reports
                                    shall be furnished by the General Agent
                                    accurately and promptly to allow the Company
                                    to prepare pertinent reports required by
                                    NAIC or NISS.
4.4      Premiums.

         4.4.1    The General Agent agrees to pay the Company all premiums on
                  business produced by the General Agent on behalf of the
                  Company, whether or not collected by the General Agent from
                  insureds. All premiums received by the General Agent pursuant
                  to this Agreement will be held by the General Agent in a
                  fiduciary capacity as trustee for the Company. The General
                  Agent does not possess the funds collected for any other
                  reason. The privilege of taking commissions from premium
                  monies received by the General Agent will not be construed as
                  an alteration of this fiduciary capacity.

         4.4.2    Premium Account. The General Agent in a fiduciary capacity
                  shall make a daily deposit of all premiums received, net of
                  producing sub-agents commission, into a bank that is a member
                  of the Federal Reserve System. The account is controlled and
                  owned by the Company and titled "Premium Trust Account". Any
                  premium or other receipt, shall be deposited on the same day
                  it is received unless, due to reasons beyond the General
                  Agents control such as late or delayed mail, same day deposit
                  is not practical in which event such premium will be deposited
                  on the next business day.

         4.4.3    The General Agent shall reconcile cash deposited to the
                  Premium Trust Account with the report on a weekly basis.

         4.4.4    The General Agent shall withdraw from separate account called
                  the "Premium Operating Account" on a weekly basis, an amount
                  sufficient to pay the General Agent Commission, return premium
                  due policyholders, sub-agents and/or premium finance
                  companies, and managing general agent's fee. The Premium
                  Operating Account will be maintained at the same bank as the
                  Premium Trust Account. The General Agent shall only make
                  withdrawals based on Company wire transferred funds which are
                  supported by the report and on Policies which have been
                  recorded and the premiums deposited. Any return premium or
                  commission due the Company shall be deposited in the Premium
                  Trust Account.

                                  Page 4 of 16
<PAGE>
         4.4.5    The Company's acceptance of any deposit of funds to the
                  Premium Trust Account, or any transfer of funds to or from the
                  Operating Account, shall not constitute the Company's
                  acceptance of the accuracy of any report submitted by the
                  General Agent to the Company.

         4.4.6    The General Agent will issue and submit to the Company all
                  Policies, endorsements and cancellations within thirty (30)
                  days of the effective date of the Policy, endorsement or
                  cancellation, respectively.

         4.4.7    The General Agent will submit to the Company a detailed and
                  itemized monthly Account Current of all premiums written and
                  premium adjustments made (whether additional or return) with
                  respect to all business and transactions effective in that
                  month not later than the fifteenth (15th) day of the
                  subsequent month. For example, binders, policies, monthly
                  reports and endorsements effective in December are to be
                  reported no later than January 15. The Company, however, will
                  have the privilege, exercisable at its option, of preparing
                  the Account Current.

         4.4.8    The General Agent agrees to provide the Company with all
                  pertinent statistical information as requested by the Company
                  in the form required by the Company.

         4.4.9    The General Agent will be responsible for conducting a quality
                  assurance program for all premium, accounting and statistical
                  reports and all Policy transactions to assure compliance with
                  all terms of this Agreement and reconciliation procedures.

         4.4.10   If the General Agent is delinquent in either accounting for or
                  paying monies due to the Company, then Company may, suspend or
                  modify any of the provisions of this Agreement or terminate
                  this Agreement if the delinquency is not corrected within ten
                  (10) business days of Company providing written notice to the
                  General Agent of existing delinquency.

4.5      Books, Accounts and Records.

         4.5.1    The General Agent will keep complete and accurate records of
                  the business transacted by it under this Agreement, including,
                  but not limited to, all Policy and premium records created by
                  it during the term of this Agreement. Such records will be
                  retained by the General Agent while this Agreement is in
                  effect and for seven (7) years after termination of this
                  Agreement. In addition, the General Agent will forward to the
                  Company such reports of said business as the Company may
                  prescribe. The General Agent will be responsible for retaining
                  all Policy and premium records on behalf of the Company in
                  hard copy form, microfilm and/or other generally accepted
                  information storage medium, as well as in any reasonable
                  back-up form requested by the Company for the period described
                  above. The Company will have the right to examine said books,
                  files and records at any time during normal business hours at
                  the Company's expense, and to make such records as it may deem
                  necessary. All books, accounts or other documents relating to
                  the business of the Company, except computer software systems,
                  are the property of the Company whether paid for by it or not.


                                  Page 5 of 16
<PAGE>
                  The books and accounts of the Company will be accepted as full
                  and final evidence in all matters relating to this Agreement.

         4.5.2    The Company may examine all books and records of the General
                  Agent pertaining to business written under this Agreement at
                  any time during normal business hours at the Company's expense
                  on the premises of the General Agent. Further, the Company may
                  make copies of all books and records described herein.

         4.5.3    If this Agreement terminates, the General Agent will forward
                  to the Company all supplies and Policy files pertaining to the
                  terminated Underwriting Program and will return all unused
                  policy forms with an accounting of all such Policies provided
                  to the General Agent.

         4.5.4    The provisions of this Section 4.5 which are binding upon the
                  parties subsequent to the termination of this Agreement, will
                  survive such termination until all obligations are finally
                  discharged.

4.6      Agents' Commissions. The General Agent shall accept business on behalf
         of the Company only from duly licensed insurance brokers and agents.
         The General Agent shall pay commissions due such brokers and agents.
         The General Agent shall not pay less than 13% commission on automobile
         policies without written approval from Company. The General Agent shall
         be liable to the Company for any return commission due from such
         brokers and agents, whether or not such return commission has been
         collected by the General Agent.

4.7      Coverage Confirmation. The General Agent shall allow the Company to
         confirm coverage for each reported claim by supplying the Company (or
         its duly authorized claim adjusters) a copy of the Policy, declarations
         page, and all applicable endorsements.

              ARTICLE V - GENERAL AGENT'S COMPENSATION AND EXPENSES

5.1      Compensation. The General Agent will be responsible for all expenses
         incurred by it in the performance of its obligation under this
         Agreement including, but not limited to, rentals, transportation
         facilities, remuneration of clerks, solicitors or other employees,
         postage office upkeep, promotional and advertising expenses, traveling
         expenses, and city license fees. The conduct by the General Agent of
         its business will be its own sole cost, credit, risk and expense.

         5.1.1    The General Agent will be responsible for all expenses in
                  connection with solicitation of insurance or performance of
                  any duties or obligations of the General Agent including, but
                  not limited to, all countersignature fees and commissions, and
                  all commissions to sub-producers. The General Agent will not
                  charge or commit the Company to any expense, agreement,
                  payment, debt or obligation other than the insurance expressly
                  described in the Addenda hereto which the General Agent is
                  authorized to write. The Company will supply the General Agent
                  with policy jackets, bank checks and drafts.

                                  Page 6 of 16
<PAGE>
5.2      Expenses. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the
         General Agent's sole remuneration for all services that the General
         Agent may perform for the Company under this Agreement will be its
         commissions at the rates set forth in Addenda to this Agreement. Unless
         otherwise agreed, such commissions will include the complete
         compensation to the General Agent for its service under this Agreement.
         Under no circumstances will the General Agent receive commissions for
         premiums which the General Agent has failed to collect and which the
         Company has collected. For such premiums as are collected by the
         Company, the General Agent will receive credit for the premium in the
         parties' mutual account. In the event of Policy cancellation or an
         endorsement resulting in a premium return to a policyholder, the
         General Agent will be responsible for refunding to Company the entire
         amount of any commission paid or allowed on the returned premium,
         including commissions to sub-producers.

                          ARTICLE VI - INDEMNIFICATION

6.1      The General Agent agrees to indemnify and save the Company, its
         affiliates and subsidiaries and their officers, directors, and
         employees harmless from any damage and against any liability for loss,
         cost, expenses, fines, penalties, including punitive or exemplary
         damages and all cost of defense: (1) resulting from any act, error or
         omission, whether intentional or unintentional, by the General Agent
         and its officers, directors, and employees, related to or arising out
         of the business covered by this Agreement; or (2) resulting from any
         obligation, act or transaction created or performed by the General
         Agent in violation of, in excess of, or in contravention of the power
         and authority of the General Agent set forth in this Agreement.

         6.1.1    The Company will choose defense counsel for all claims or
                  suits described in Article VI and defend itself. The General
                  Agent will pay all expense for such claims or suits. The
                  Company will decide, in its sole opinion, whether such claims
                  or suits may be settled.

         6.1.2    The General Agent expressly authorizes the Company without
                  precluding the Company from exercising any other remedy it may
                  have, to charge against all compensation due or to become due
                  to the General Agent under this Agreement any monies paid or
                  liabilities incurred by the Company by reason of any
                  occurrence described herein.

         6.1.3    Provided the General Agent is in compliance with all terms and
                  conditions of this Agreement and further provided General
                  Agent will not have caused or contributed to the making of a
                  claim on one or more policy(ies) of insurance which General
                  Agent has issued and/or bound, then the Company will indemnify
                  and hold harmless the General Agent, its directors, officers
                  and employees for any damage and against any liability of
                  loss, cost, expenses, fines, penalties including punitive or
                  exemplary damages and all cost of defense, arising from a
                  claim on said insurance policy(ies) which assert the liability
                  of the General Agent for all or part of the loss to claimant,
                  insured or any other party involved in the claim on the
                  policy(ies).

                                  Page 7 of 16
<PAGE>
         6.1.4    The Company will choose defense counsel for all claims or
                  suits described in Section 6.1.3 and defend itself. The
                  Company will pay all cost of defense for such claims or suits
                  and decide, in its sole opinion, whether such claims or suits
                  may be settled.

                            ARTICLE VII - TERMINATION

7.1      Termination. This Agreement may be terminated as provide below:

7.1.1    Without cause by either party upon no less than seventy-five (75) days
         prior written notice to the other party.

         a)       The insurer may suspend the underwriting authority of the
                  Managing General Agent during the pendency of any dispute
                  regarding the cause for termination. The insurer or Managing
                  General Agent must fulfill any obligations on policies,
                  regardless of any dispute

         7.1.2    Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined below),
                  the non-defaulting party may cancel and terminate this
                  Agreement upon five (5) business days notice to the other
                  party.

         7.1.3    The following shall be Events of Default by either party:

         a)       Default in the observance or performance of any material
                  covenant or obligation to be performed under this Agreement
                  and the failure to cure such default within ten (10) business
                  days after notice of such default bas been given to the
                  defaulting party; provided, however, that if the default is of
                  such a nature that it cannot reasonably be cured within such
                  ten (10) day period, the defaulting party will nevertheless be
                  deemed in default unless within such period it commences to
                  cure the default and thereafter diligently and continuously
                  continues to and does cure same within a reasonable period of
                  time thereafter.

         b)       Cessation of either party's business as a going concern.

         c)       Insolvency of either party, or the filing by it, or its
                  consent to the filing, of a petition under the Bankruptcy
                  Code, or the appointment of a receiver, assignee or other
                  liquidating officer for all or substantially all of such
                  party's assets.

         d)       The filing of an involuntary petition against either party
                  under the Bankruptcy Code which remains undismissed for thirty
                  (30) days or more following its filing.

         e)       If any public authority cancels or declines to renew any
                  license required by either party under this Agreement.

                                  Page 8 of 16
<PAGE>
         f)       If either party commits any fraudulent act or act of gross
                  negligence or willful misconduct.

         g)       A transfer, sale, or pledge of the majority of the stock or a
                  substantial portion of the assets of the General Agent unless
                  this Agreement is assigned by the Company's express written
                  consent.

         h)       If at any time the incurred loss ratio combined with the
                  incurred allocated loss adjusted expense ratio reaches greater
                  than 90% as determined by acceptable actuarial methodology.

7.2      Rights and Obligations after Termination.

         7.2.1    If this Agreement is properly terminated as a result of the
                  occurrence of an Event of Default, and the expiration of any
                  grace period hereunder, the non-defaulting party shall be
                  entitled to all rights and remedies available at law or in
                  equity; provided, however, that neither party shall have a
                  claim against the other for consequential damages, such as
                  loss of prospective profit or damage to the business resulting
                  therefrom.

         7.2.2    Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason the Company
                  shall have the option, with respect to all Policies and claims
                  then being serviced by General Agent, on notice to General
                  Agent, to (i) require General Agent to promptly turn over to
                  the Company all Policy records so that the Company may itself,
                  or cause others to, run off existing business, or (ii) require
                  that General Agent run off existing business by continuing to
                  provide Policy administration in accordance with this
                  Agreement.

         7.2.3    If the Company elects the option set forth under subparagraph
                  7.2.2 (i) above, General Agent shall promptly deliver the
                  documents mentioned therein to the Company at General Agent's
                  sole expense and thereafter General Agent shall have no
                  further responsibility for Policy administration hereunder and
                  shall not be compensated for any such discontinued services.
         7.2.4    If the Company elects the option set forth under subparagraph
                  7.2.2 (ii) above, and for so long as the Company so elects,
                  General Agent shall continue to perform its obligations under
                  this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. The
                  General Agent shall be obligated to perform the duties
                  necessary to the servicing of all Policies in force until all
                  liability of the Company underlying such Policies issued
                  pursuant to this Agreement shall have expired or been
                  terminated. Such service shall consist of, but shall not
                  necessarily be limited to, Policy cancellations, amendatory
                  endorsements, payment of return premiums, collection of
                  additional premiums and claims information.

         7.2.5    Upon termination of this Agreement, provided that the General
                  Agent has performed all of its obligations required to be
                  performed hereunder, the General Agent's records and documents
                  and the right to renew the in-force business shall remain the
                  property of the General Agent and shall be left in the General
                  Agent's possession. In the event this Agreement is terminated
                  by the Company under Section 7.1.3(a) through (g), or in the
                  event the General Agent fails to perform all of its


                                  Page 9 of 16
<PAGE>
                  obligations under this Agreement, then in such event the right
                  to renew the in-force Policies shall belong to the Company.

                            ARTICLE VII - ARBITRATION

8.1      The Company and the General Agent hereby mutually agree that one of the
         remedies for resolving any and all disputes arising with respect to or
         in connection with this Agreement, including any disputes regarding the
         cancellation or rescission of this Agreement, shall be arbitration as
         herein provided.

8.2      All issues for arbitration shall be referred to disinterested
         arbitrators, one being chosen by each party to the particular dispute.
         The arbitrators so selected shall select an umpire within thirty (30)
         days after appointment. In the event the arbitrators so not agree as to
         the umpire within thirty (30) days, the umpire shall be chosen by the
         American Arbitration Association. Should any party fail to chose its
         arbitrator within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice from
         the party requesting arbitration, the arbitrator for such party shall
         be chosen by the American Arbitration Association.

8.3      To the extent that they consider substantive rules of law, the
         arbitrators should look to the substantive rules of law of the State of
         Florida s the law governing this Agreement; however, the arbitrators
         shall consider this Agreement and honorable engagement rather than
         merely a legal obligation, and they are relieved of all judicial
         formalities and may abstain from following the strict rules of law. The
         decision and award of the majority of the arbitrators shall be final
         and binding upon the parties to the particular dispute, and all other
         parties as well. Judgement may be entered upon the award of arbitrators
         in any Court of the United States having jurisdiction thereover.

8.4      The arbitrators shall be active or retired officers of insurance
         companies not under the control or management of any party to this
         Agreement. Arbitration shall take place in Tallahassee, Florida, unless
         the parties in dispute agree otherwise. The United States Federal
         Arbitration Act applies to this Agreement.

8.5      Each party shall bear the expense of its own chosen arbitrator, and
         shall jointly and equally bear with the others the expense of the
         umpire and of the arbitration.

                           ARTICLE IX - MISCELLANEOUS

9.1      Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given
         under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given
         (i) when received if delivered personally, by any recognized courier
         service, or (ii) three (3) days after mailing, if sent by registered or
         certified mail, return receipt requested, in each case addresses to the
         party for whom it is intended at the following address or such other
         address as the party may designate from time to time by notice given
         pursuant hereto.

                                 Page 10 of 16
<PAGE>
                  For the Company:
                           American Vehicle Insurance Company
                           4161 N.W. 5 Street
                           Plantation, Florida 33317
                           Attn: Richard A. Widdicombe

                  For the General Agent:
                           Assurance Managing General Agents, Inc.
                           4161 N.W. 5 Street
                           Plantation, Florida 33317
                           Attn: Michele V. Lawson

9.2      This Agreement shall be constructed in accordance with the laws of the
         State of Florida without giving effect to conflict of law principles.

9.3      Nothing herein shall create the relationship of employer and employee,
         partners or joint ventures between the Company and the General Agent,
         it being understood and agreed that the General Agent is an independent
         contractor for the purposes set forth herein with all rights, powers
         and duties as such.

9.4      The General Agent shall not assign this Agreement or any right
         hereunder.

9.5      The failure of the Company or General Agent to insist on strict
         compliance with this Agreement, or to exercise any right or remedy
         hereunder, shall not constitute a waiver of any rights contained herein
         or stop the parties from thereafter demanding full and complete
         compliance therewith, nor prevent the parties from exercising any right
         or remedy in the future.

9.6      If any provisions of this Agreement should be found to be invalid or
         unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain
         in full force and effect.

9.7      This Agreement may not be changed, nor may any provision hereof be
         waived, except by a writing signed by both parties hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by
their duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.

                                 Page 11 of 16
<PAGE>
AMERICAN VEHICLE INSURANCE COMPANY



By:     /s/    Richard A. Widdicombe
  ---------------------------------------------------



ASSURANCE MANAGING GENERAL AGENTS, INC.



By:    /s/    Michele Lawson
  ----------------------------------------------------


                                 Page 12 of 16
<PAGE>
                                   SCHEDULE A
                   (COVERAGES AND MAXIMUM LIMITS OF LIABILITY)

                     AUTOMOBILE LIABILITY & PHYSICAL DAMAGE


Coverage                                     Limits of Liability
--------                                     -------------------

Liability                                    $100 / 300 / 50

Uninsured Motorists                          $100 / 300

Personal Injury                              $10,000

Medical Payments                             $500

Physical Damage                              $50,000

                                 Page 13 of 16
<PAGE>
                                   SCHEDULE B

                         POLICY ADMINISTRATION SERVICES


1.       Assist the Company in developing Underwriting and Producer Guidelines
         and modifications thereto for the underwriting program, to be approved
         by the Company in writing prior to use, which use will include
         advertising, program implementation and binding insurance coverage.

2.       Process applications for insurance.

3.       Collect and account for premiums and endorse checks payable to the
         Company, if such checks are received by the General Agent in the
         regular course of its duties to collect premium monies on the Company's
         behalf.

4.       Rate, quote and issue policies of insurance and certificates of
         insurance consistent with the Company's rate, rule and form filings
         made or adopted in writing by the Company, and the authority granted
         herein, as well as to provide policy information services for insureds.

5.       Develop and maintain proper underwriting files on behalf of the Company
         in accordance with Section 4.5.

6.       Use best efforts and good faith to achieve an underwriting profit on
         all business placed with the Company.

7.       Provide proper and timely cancellation or non-renewal notice to
         policyholders, certificate holders and regulatory bodies as required by
         the policy, any statute or regulation, any regulatory order or by the
         Company.

8.       Remit premiums received net of the compensation due to the General
         Agent, in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.4, entitled
         "Premiums".

9.       Adhere to Florida laws, regulations and bulletins pertaining to motor
         vehicle and casualty insurance contracts including but not limited to:

                          o      Policy cancellation or non renewal 627.728
                          o      Rate increase 627.7282
                          o      Unearned premiums 627.7283
                          o      Motor vehicle inspection 627.744 and 4.167.004
                          o      Premium finance cancellation

10.      Comply with conduct guidelines according to regulation 4.142.011.

11.      Maintain compliant handling procedures to record all complaints
         received since date of last examination.

                                 Page 14 of 16
<PAGE>
                                   SCHEDULE C

                          GENERAL AGENT'S COMPENSATION

The Company will allow the General Agent as compensation a fee equal to fifteen
(15%) percent of Net Written Premium for automobile (i.e. gross premiums
written, less cancellations and return premiums) with General Agent retaining a
twenty-five ($25) dollar fee per policy.

                                 Page 15 of 16
<PAGE>
                                   SCHEDULE D

                          DRAFT AUTHORITY AND ISSUANCE

1.       Enter data into the claims management system of General Agent.

2.       Pay all qualified claims and allocated loss adjustment expenses timely
         out of funds provided by the Company after the Company's claims
         representative has prepared the draft requests.

3.       Draw upon a bank account (the "Loss Payment Account") which shall be
         established by the Company for payment of claims. Such authority may be
         revoked at any time by the Company upon written notice. The Loss
         Payment Account will be initially set at ______ and will be replenished
         monthly by the Company to an amount equal to two (2) months estimated
         paid. The Company may review the adequacy of the account at any time
         and increase or decrease the account as necessary. The General Agent
         shall be required upon the request of the Company, to remit promptly
         any funds in the account in excess of the required amount as determined
         by the Company.

4.       Use only those persons to whom the Company specifically grants
         authority in writing to issue a check upon the Loss Payment Account.
         Such authority may be revoked upon written notice to the appropriate
         parties. The Company shall designate two (2) of General Agent's
         employees as authorized signatories on such account.

5.       Account for all checks as on hand, issued, voided or canceled, and
         provide a monthly account to the Company within fifteen (15) days after
         the end of the month for which the account is given. General Agent
         shall have the responsibility for balancing the Loss Payment Account. A
         duplicate copy of all bank statements shall be sent to the Company by
         General Agent. Copies of checks issued shall be available upon request
         by the Company.

6.       Provide monthly loss run reports to Company, by hard copy on paper and
         in an acceptable data format, detailing by report period, year to date
         and inception to date figures the following information by accident
         date: Policy number, claim number, state location number, total
         incurred expense, broken down by line of coverage, by cause of loss, by
         contract year, allocated loss adjustment expense, outstanding reserves
         and subrogation.

7.       Furnish to Company monthly documentation identifying all loss payments
         and allocated loss expenses.

8.       Furnish loss reports within seven (7) days after the end of the month
         for which they relate.

                                 Page 16 of 16

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
