<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex1033.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX 10.33 SPECIAL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.33


                          SPECIAL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT



AGREEMENT  made this 22nd day of March,  2002,  by and  between  EVEREST  GLOBAL
SERVICES,  INC.,  a  corporation  having an  address at 477  Martinsville  Road,
Liberty  Corner,  New  Jersey  07938 (the  "COMPANY"),  and JANET J.  BURAK,  an
individual (the  "EXECUTIVE"),  residing at 136 Eileen Drive,  Cedar Grove,  New
Jersey 07009.

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,  the Company  wishes to ensure the employment of the Executive with the
Company and the Executive  wishes to accept such  employment  upon the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth;

NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the premises and other good and valuable
consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree
as follows:

     1. EMPLOYMENT

The Company agrees to employ the Executive,  and the Executive  agrees to accept
such employment, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

     2. TERM

     (a) The  Agreement  shall  commence as of February 1, 2002.  The  Agreement
shall continue until November 30, 2005, unless earlier  terminated in accordance
with the terms and  conditions  set forth in this  Agreement.  The period during
which this  Agreement is  operational  shall be referred to in this Agreement as
the  "TERM" or the "TERM OF  AGREEMENT".  The  final day that the  Agreement  is
operative will be referred to in this Agreement as the  "EXPIRATION  DATE".  The
effective  date  of the  termination  of the  Executive's  employment  with  the
Company, regardless of the reason, is referred to in this Agreement as the "DATE
OF TERMINATION."

     (b) Upon termination of the employment of the Executive with the Company on
or  before  the  Expiration  Date,  the  Company  shall  pay the  Executive  her
compensation  through  the Date of  Termination.  In the event  the  Executive's
employment  terminates  as a result  of her  death,  the  Company  shall pay the
compensation  specified  in sections  4(a) & (b) from the date of death  through
November 30, 2005 in a lump sum to the Executive or the Executive's  estate. Any
benefits to which the  Executive or her  beneficiaries  may be entitled to under
the  plans  and  programs  described  in  section  5  below,  as of the  Date of

<PAGE>

Termination  shall be determined in accordance  with the terms of such plans and
programs,  and in  accordance  with  federal  and  applicable  state  laws.  Any
compensation and benefits which serve as consideration  for this Agreement shall
inure  to  the  benefit  of  the   Executive   and  her  heirs,   beneficiaries,
administrators,  representatives  and  executors.  Except  as  provided  in this
section 2(b) in connection with the Executive's  termination of employment,  the
Company  shall have no further  liability to the  Executive  or the  Executive's
heirs, beneficiaries or estate for damages,  compensation,  benefits, severance,
indemnities or other amount of whatever nature.

     3. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

     (a) During the Term of this  Agreement,  the Executive  shall serve without
specific job title. The Executive shall perform such duties and responsibilities
as may be assigned to her from time to time  consistent with her former position
of regular employment with the Company as Senior Vice President, General Counsel
and  Secretary.  The Executive  will hold herself to be reasonably  available to
assist the Company in prosecuting or defending  against legal claims or suits as
to which she has knowledge by virtue of her prior regular employment.

     (b) The Executive's  employment by the Company shall not preclude Executive
from accepting other  assignments,  or employment with other entities,  provided
that such activities are not inconsistent  with, and do not require Executive to
breach  her  obligations  under the  Company's  Ethics  Guidelines  and Index to
Compliance Policies ("Ethics  Guidelines"),  as attached hereto and incorporated
herein.  Provided,  however, that it shall not be deemed a breach of Executive's
obligations  under the  Ethics  Guidelines  and the  Company  and all parent and
subsidiary   corporations,   partnerships  and  other  entities  and  affiliates
controlled   by,   controlling   or  under  common  control  with  the  Company,
specifically including Everest Re Group, Ltd., together with any predecessor and
successor entities  (hereinafter  being  collectively  referred to as "EVEREST")
hereby grant approval for her to (1) serve as an expert witness or consultant in
a matter in which  EVEREST  is not a party and has no  direct  interest;  or (2)
represent a party other than EVEREST in a proceeding  to which  EVEREST is not a
party and in which it has no  direct  interest;  or (3) serve on an  arbitration
panel or as a  mediator  in any  matter in which  EVEREST  is not a party and in
which it has no direct  interest;  or (4) engage in activities in furtherance of
her expert  witness,  consultant,  counsel,  arbitrator,  umpire and/or mediator
career  provided,  however,  that no such  activities  during  the  term of this
Agreement may be rendered in any matter in which EVEREST has a direct  interest.
The Executive agrees that notwithstanding any commitments to other employment or
undertakings,  she will make herself reasonably  available from time to time, at
reasonable times and places,  for such  consultations as deemed necessary by the
Company during the Term of this Agreement.


                                       2
<PAGE>


     (c) On and after the execution of this  Agreement,  the Executive shall not
be provided an office by the Company.

     4. COMPENSATION

     As compensation for her services hereunder, the Executive shall receive the
following base salary and bonus payments,  subject to applicable tax withholding
requirements, during the term of this agreement:

     (a) The Company shall pay the Executive,  in accordance  with its customary
payroll practices, salary compensation at an annual rate of $120,000, payable on
a bi-weekly  basis  according  to the  Company's  regular  payroll  cycle,  from
February 1, 2002 until  January 31, 2005.  Any payments due to the Executive for
the period prior to the execution of this  Agreement  and the Release,  Covenant
Not To Sue,  Non-Disclosure,  and Special  Employment  Agreement (the "Release")
shall  be paid  retroactively  in the next  regular  Company  payroll  following
execution of those two documents and the  expiration  of the  revocation  period
described in section 6 of the Release.

     (b) The Company  shall pay the  Executive a total of $50,000,  payable on a
bi-weekly basis according to the Company's regular payroll cycle, for the period
from February 1, 2005 until November 30, 2005.

     (c) On or shortly  before the  Expiration  Date, the Company will tender to
the Executive a General  Release and Waiver in the form attached hereto referred
to as Exhibit A. In exchange for the Executive's  executing this General Release
and  Waiver on or  following  the  Expiration  Date,  the  Company  will pay the
Executive  a special  bonus  payment of  $50,000,  in the next  regular  Company
payroll  following  the  expiration  of seven  calendar  days after the date the
Executive  executes the General Release and Waiver,  provided that the Executive
has not rescinded such release in the seven days following its execution.

     5. EXPENSES; FRINGE BENEFITS

     (a) The Company shall pay or reimburse  the  Executive  during the Term for
any reasonable and necessary  business  expenses  incurred in the performance of
services requested by and rendered to the Company hereunder.

     (b) During the Term, the Executive  shall be entitled to participate in and
receive  benefits  under the Company's  medical and dental plans,  as applicable
generally to the employees of the Company,  subject,  however,  to the terms and
conditions of the various plans and programs in effect from time to time. During
the Term, the Executive  shall accrue  benefits  under the Company's  retirement


                                       3
<PAGE>


plans, which are the qualified and non-qualified  retirement plans maintained by
Everest  Reinsurance  Company,  as applicable  generally to the employees of the
Company,  subject, however, to the terms and conditions of the various plans and
programs in effect from time to time.

     (c) The Executive will not receive any Company stock options after February
1, 2002. As to such stock options as may have vested with the Executive prior to
February 1, 2002,  the Executive must exercise such options on or before May 27,
2002  (three  months  following  the  expiration  of the most  recent  "blackout
period"). The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that she will be subject
to any further "blackout periods" for the purchase and sale of Everest Re Group,
Ltd. Stock as may apply to any other Company  employee.  In addition,  all stock
options  previously  awarded to the Executive  under the Everest Re Group,  Ltd.
1995 Stock  Incentive  Plan which  were not  vested as of  February  1, 2002 are
forfeited  and  cancelled  effective  February  1,  2002.  And,  all  shares  of
restricted stock of Everest Re Group,  Ltd.  previously  issued to the Executive
shall be forfeited effective February 1, 2002.

     (d) The Executive  will not,  after  February 1, 2002,  participate  in the
Company's Annual Incentive Plan,  Incentive  Compensation Plan or in the Everest
Re Group, Ltd. 1995 Stock Incentive Plan.

     (e) The  Executive  waives  any right to make  contributions  to or receive
Company-matching  contributions in the Everest Reinsurance Employee Savings Plan
(also  known  as  ERESP)  for  salary  received  after  February  1,  2002.  She
understands  that she may continue to manage her existing  account in ERESP, and
may  access  such  funds,  under the same  terms  and  conditions  as  generally
applicable to employees of the Company.

     (f)  While  the  Executive  will  be  covered  by the  Company  Short  Term
Disability Plan as required by New Jersey law, she agrees that in the event that
she is  eligible  for and  receives  payments  under that plan,  the Company may
offset any such  amounts  received  against  the salary  and/or  bonus  payments
specified  in  paragraph  4 above,  such  that over the  Term,  the  Executive's
compensation  from the Short Term  Disability  Plan,  combined  with salary (and
bonus, if applicable), does not exceed $460,000.

     (g) The  Executive  waives any  participation  in the  Company's  Long Term
Disability  Plan and agrees to execute any  documents  required to effectuate an
opt-out from that Plan.

     (h) The Executive  shall not be entitled to accrue any paid vacation during
the Term.


                                       4
<PAGE>


     (i) The  Executive  will not be  entitled  to  participate  further  in the
Everest Re Group,  Ltd.  Senior  Executive  Change of  Control  Plan and will no
longer be entitled to any benefits under such plan.

     (j) The Executive  will not be eligible for benefits  under any new benefit
plan adopted by the Company during the Term,  other than new medical,  dental or
pension plans.

     (k) Notwithstanding  anything contained herein to the contrary, the Company
reserves the right to modify,  amend or terminate  any employee  benefit plan or
policy as it deems appropriate in its discretion;  provided that unless required
by law, the Company shall not amend, modify or terminate any such plan or policy
in a manner that treats the Executive differently from other employees.

     6. TERMINATION

     (a) The Company shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement and discharge
the Executive for "cause" effective upon the giving of written notice.  The term
"cause" shall be limited to the following grounds:

          (i) The  misappropriation  of the funds or  property of the Company or
     any act of fraud or dishonesty  with respect to the Company,  its business,
     or its property;

          (ii) Conviction of a felony or of any crime involving moral turpitude,
     dishonesty or theft; or

          (iii) The  commission by the Executive of any act, or the  Executive's
     failure  to  act,  which  could   reasonably  be  expected  to  injure  the
     reputation, business or business relationships of the Company.

     (b) Upon  termination  of the  Executive's  employment  with  the  Company,
pursuant  to  section  6(a),  the  Company  shall pay the  Executive  her salary
compensation  only  through the date of  Termination.  Any benefits to which the
Executive or her  beneficiaries  may be entitled to under the plans and programs
described in section 5 above, or any other applicable plans and programs,  as of
her Date of Termination shall be determined in accordance with the terms of such
plans and programs. The Company shall have no further liability to the Executive
or the Executive's  heirs,  beneficiaries  or estate for damages,  compensation,
benefits, severance, indemnities or other amount of whatever nature.


                                       5
<PAGE>

     7. DEATH

     (a) In the event the Executive's  employment  terminates as a result of the
Executive's death, the Executive,  or the Executive's estate,  shall be entitled
to receive all compensation specified in section 4(a) & (b) through November 30,
2005 unless  previously  paid as provided in section 2(b). Any benefits to which
the Executive or her  beneficiaries may be entitled under the plans and programs
described  in section 5 as of her Date of  Termination  shall be  determined  in
accordance  with the  terms of such  plans  and  programs.  In the  event of the
Executive's  termination  due to  death,  the  Company  shall  have  no  further
liability to the Executive or the Executive's heirs, beneficiaries or estate for
damages,  compensation,  benefits,  severance,  indemnities  or other amounts of
whatever nature.

     8.  CONFIDENTIAL  INFORMATION  In  consideration  of the  covenants  of the
Company herein, the Executive agrees as follows:

     (a) The Executive hereby agrees and  acknowledges  that she has and has had
access to or is aware of Confidential  Information.  The Executive hereby agrees
that she shall keep strictly confidential and will not prior to or after Date of
Termination,  without the Company's express written consent, divulge, furnish or
make  accessible  to any  person or  entity,  or make use of for the  benefit of
herself or others, any Confidential Information obtained, possessed, or known by
her  except as  required  in the  regular  course of  performing  the duties and
responsibilities  of her  employment  by the Company  while in the employ of the
Company,  and that she will, prior to or upon her Date of Termination deliver or
return to the Company all such  Confidential  Information  that is in written or
other  physical or recorded  form or which has been  reduced to written or other
physical or recorded form, and all copies thereof, in her possession, custody or
control.  The foregoing  covenant  shall not apply to (i) any  information  that
becomes  generally  known or available to the public other than as a result of a
breach of the agreements of the Executive  contained herein, (ii) any disclosure
of  Confidential  Information  by the  Executive  that is expressly  required by
judicial or administrative order; provided however that the Executive shall have
notified  the  Company as  promptly  as  possible  of the  existence,  terms and
circumstances  of any  notice,  subpoena or other  process or order  issued by a
court  or  administrative  authority  that  may  require  her  to  disclose  any
Confidential  Information,  and  cooperate  with the Company,  at the  Company's
request and at the  Company's  expense,  in taking  legally  available  steps to
resist or narrow such process or order and to obtain an order or other  reliable
assurance  that  confidential  treatment  will be  given  to  such  Confidential
Information as is required to be disclosed.


                                       6
<PAGE>

     (b) For purposes of this Agreement,  "CONFIDENTIAL  INFORMATION"  means all
non-public or  proprietary  information,  data,  trade secrets,  "know-how",  or
technology  with  respect  to any  products,  designs,  improvements,  research,
styles,  techniques,  suppliers,  clients,  markets,  methods  of  distribution,
accounting, advertising and promotion, pricing, sales, finances, costs, profits,
financial  condition,  organization,   personnel,  business  systems  (including
without   limitation   computer  systems,   software  and  programs),   business
activities,  operations,  budgets, plans, prospects, objectives or strategies of
the Company.

     9. ENFORCEABILITY

The failure of any party at any time to require  performance by another party of
any  provision  hereunder  shall  in no way  affect  the  right  of  that  party
thereafter  to enforce the same,  nor shall it affect any other party's right to
enforce the same, or to enforce any of the other  provisions in this  Agreement;
nor shall the waiver by any party of the breach of any provision hereof be taken
or held to be a waiver of any subsequent breach of such provision or as a waiver
of the provision itself.

     10. ASSIGNMENT

This Agreement is a personal contract and the Executive's rights and obligations
hereunder may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated by the
Executive.  The rights and obligation of the Company  hereunder shall be binding
upon and run in favor of the  successors  and assigns of the Company;  provided,
however,  the Company may not assign or transfer its rights or obligations under
this  Agreement  unless such  assignee or  transferee  assumes the  liabilities,
obligations and duties of the Company,  as contained in this  Agreement,  either
contractually or as a matter of law.

     11. ARBITRATION

The  Company  and the  Executive  expressly  agree  that  any and all  disputes,
controversies   or  claims  arising  out  of  Executive's   Special   Employment
relationship,  including  alleged violation of a statute  regulating  employment
such as, but not limited to the New Jersey Law Against  Discrimination,  the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and
the  Americans  With  Disabilities  Act,  as well as claims  arising out of this
Agreement  or  concerning  its  meaning  or  application,  shall  be  determined
exclusively  by final and  binding  arbitration  before a single  arbitrator  in
Somerset County, New Jersey, under the Model Employment  Arbitration  Procedures
of the  American  Arbitration  Association,  and that  judgment  upon the  award
rendered  by  the   Arbitrator   may  be  entered  in  any  court  of  competent
jurisdiction.  Each  party  shall  share  equally  the  fees  and  costs  of the
Arbitrator.  Each  party  shall  pay for its or her  attorneys'  fees and  costs
including,  without  limitation,  costs of any  experts.  However,  if any party


                                       7
<PAGE>

prevails  on  a  statutory  claim  which  entitles  the  prevailing  party  to a
reasonable  attorneys'  fee (with or without  expert fees) as part of the costs,
the Arbitrator may award  reasonable  fees (with or with or without expert fees)
to the prevailing  party in accordance with such statute.  Any controversy  over
whether  a dispute  is an  arbitrable  dispute  or as to the  interpretation  or
enforceability  of this  paragraph  with  respect to such  arbitration  shall be
determined by the Arbitrator.

     12. MODIFICATION

This Agreement may not be orally canceled,  changed, modified or amended, and no
cancellation,  change,  modification or amendment shall be effective or binding,
unless in writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement.


     13. SEVERABILITY; SURVIVAL

In the event any  provision  or portion of this  Agreement is  determined  to be
invalid or  unenforceable  for any reason,  in whole or in part,  the  remaining
provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless be binding upon the parties with
the same effect as though the invalid or unenforceable part had been severed and
deleted.  The respective  rights and obligations of the parties  hereunder shall
survive the termination of the Executive's employment to the extent necessary to
the intended preservation of such rights and obligations.

     14. NOTICE

Any notice, request,  instruction or other document to be given hereunder by any
party hereto to another party shall be in writing and shall be deemed  effective
(a) upon person delivery, if delivered by hand, or (b) three days after the date
of deposit in the mails,  postage  prepaid if mailed by certified or  registered
mail,  or (c) on the next  business  day, if sent by facsimile  transmission  or
prepaid overnight courier service, and in each case, addressed as follows:

                              If to the Executive:
                               -------------------

                                 Janet J. Burak
                                *** ****** Drive
                              ***** *****, NJ 07009
                               ***-***-3145 (tele)
                               ***-***-5133 (fax)


                                       8
<PAGE>


                               If to the Company:

                       Barry Smith, Senior Vice President
                          Everest Global Services, Inc.
                              477 Martinsville Road
                        Liberty Corner, New Jersey 07938
                               908-604-3535 (tele)
                               908-604-3571 (fax)

                              with a copy sent to:

                           Christopher H. Mills, Esq.
                             Collier, Jacob & Mills
                                580 Howard Avenue
                               Somerset, NJ 08873
                               732-560-7100 (tele)
                               732-560-0788 (fax)

Any party may  change  the  address  to which  notices  are to be sent by giving
notice  of such  change  of  address  to the other  party in the  manner  herein
provided for giving notice.

     15. APPLICABLE LAW

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of New Jersey,  without  application  of  conflict  or law  provisions
applicable herein.

     16. NO CONFLICT

The Executive  represents and warrants that she is not subject to any agreement,
instrument,  order,  judgment  or decree of any kind,  or any other  restrictive
agreement of any  character,  which would  prevent her from  entering  into this
Agreement or which would be breached by the Executive  upon her  performance  of
her duties pursuant to this Agreement.

     17. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This  Agreement  represents  the entire  agreement  between  the Company and the
Executive with respect to the  Executive's  employment by the Company during the
Term and all prior agreements, plans and arrangements relating to the employment
of the Executive by the Company are nullified and superseded hereby.


                                       9
<PAGE>

     18. HEADINGS

The headings  contained in this  Agreement are for reference  purposes only, and
shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.


IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written.



                          EVEREST GLOBAL SERVICES, INC.

                        By: /s/ THOMAS J. GALLAGHER
                            -----------------------
                      Name: Thomas J. Gallagher
                     Title: President and COO


                            /s/ JANET J. BURAK
                            -------------------
                            EXECUTIVE'S SIGNATURE

                            Janet J. Burak
                            --------------
                            Executive's Name


Everest  Reinsurance  Company,  its  successors  and assigns,  acknowledges  the
existence of and agrees to the terms of this Special  Employment  Agreement  and
hereby guarantees its terms.

                          EVEREST REINSURANCE COMPANY

                        By: /s/ THOMAS J. GALLAGHER
                            -----------------------

                     Dated:
                            -----------------------



                                       10
<PAGE>


                          RELEASE, COVENANT NOT TO SUE,
                      NON-DISCLOSURE AND SPECIAL EMPLOYMENT
                                    AGREEMENT


This  RELEASE,  COVENANT  NOT TO  SUE,  NON-DISCLOSURE  AND  SPECIAL  EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT (the "AGREEMENT")  dated as of February 1, 2002,  between (1) JANET J.
BURAK ("Executive"),  and (2) Everest Global Services,  Inc., and all parent and
subsidiary   corporations,   partnerships  and  other  entities  and  affiliates
controlled by, controlling or under common control with Everest Global Services,
Inc.,   specifically  including  Everest  Re  Group,  LTD.,  together  with  any
predecessor and successor entities  (hereinafter being collectively  referred to
as  "EVEREST"),  sets forth the  agreements of the parties hereto with regard to
the matters set forth herein:

1.   BACKGROUND.  Executive has been continuously employed by an EVEREST company
     as a regular  employee since March 17, 1980.  She has most recently  served
     (among  other  positions)  as Senior  Vice  President  General  Counsel and
     Secretary of Everest Re Group,  Ltd. At EVEREST's  initiative,  Executive's
     regular employment with EVEREST terminated on February 1, 2002, which shall
     be referred to as Executive's  Regular  Termination Date. EVEREST wishes to
     respond to Executive's  expressions of concern over the effect that leaving
     EVEREST's  payroll prior to attaining  age 55 with the  requisite  years of
     service to retire  would have on  Executive's  benefits  under the  Everest
     Reinsurance   Retirement  Plans  and  possible  retiree  medical  benefits.
     Therefore,  EVEREST  has agreed to  continue  Executive's  employment  with
     EVEREST on a special basis,  described  more fully in the attached  Special
     Employment Agreement,  which is incorporated herein and made a part hereof.
     Such Special  Employment  will be  retroactive to February 1, 2002 and will
     continue  until November 30, 2005, at which time Executive will be 55 years
     of age.  As of November  30,  2005,  Executive's  Special  Employment  will
     terminate and she will be eligible for  retirement  under the then- current
     Everest Reinsurance Retirement Plans and any successor plans.

2.   CONSIDERATION  TO BE EXTENDED TO  EXECUTIVE  BY  EVEREST.  In exchange  for
     Executive's execution of this AGREEMENT within 21 days of her receiving it,
     and provided that  Executive  does not rescind the AGREEMENT as provided in
     section  6,  below,  EVEREST  agrees to enter into the  Special  Employment
     Agreement with Executive.  Executive  acknowledges  that absent the Special
     Employment Agreement, her benefits under the Everest Reinsurance Retirement
     Plans  would be  substantially  less than  they  will be if she  terminates
     service pursuant to the Special Employment  Agreement on November 30, 2005.


                                       1
<PAGE>

     This is so  because  as of that  date,  Executive  will have 25 years and 8
     months of service and be 55 years old. Executive acknowledges that when the
     Special  Employment  Agreement  ends,  she will be  eligible  for  whatever
     pension and retiree medical benefits are then generally  available to other
     EVEREST  employees  of similar age and with  similar  length of service and
     compensation amounts. Executive's actual pension benefit will be calculated
     at the  time she  retires.  Executive  understands  and  acknowledges  that
     EVEREST retains its normal rights to amend or terminate employee pension or
     other benefit  plans,  at any time, so long as it acts generally as to plan
     participants and not in a way that is specifically designed to disadvantage
     only Executive and consistent with all applicable laws.


3.   REPRESENTATIONS  BY EXECUTIVE.  In consideration of the promises by EVEREST
     to  Executive  as  specified  in  paragraph  2 above,  Executive  agrees as
     follows:

     a.   NON-DISCLOSURE OF PROPRIETARY INFORMATION. Executive acknowledges that
          during the course of  Executive's  employment  with EVEREST  Executive
          received,  obtained  or became  aware of or had access to  proprietary
          information,  lists and records of customers  and trade  secrets which
          are the property of EVEREST and which are not known by  competitors or
          generally by the public  ("Proprietary  Information")  and  recognizes
          such  Proprietary  Information  to be  valuable  and unique  assets of
          EVEREST. For purposes of this subparagraph:

               (i)  Proprietary  Information  is  deemed  to  include,   without
               limitation,  (A) marketing materials,  marketing manuals,  policy
               manuals,   procedure  manuals,   policy  and  procedure  manuals,
               operating manuals and procedures and product  documentation,  (B)
               all information about pricing, products,  procedures,  practices,
               business  methods,  systems,  plans,  strategies  or personnel of
               EVEREST,  (C) circumstances  surrounding the relationships  with,
               knowledge of, or information  about the customers,  clients,  and
               accounts of EVEREST, including but not limited to the identity of
               current active  customers or prospects who have been contacted by
               EVEREST,  and (D) all other  information  about EVEREST which has
               not been otherwise publicly  disseminated by EVEREST,  whether or
               not that information is recorded and  notwithstanding  the method
               of recordation, if any; and

               (ii) Proprietary Information is deemed to exclude all information
               legally  in the  public  domain.  Executive  agrees  to hold  the
               Proprietary  Information  in the strictest  confidence and agrees
               not to use or disclose any Proprietary  Information,  directly or
               indirectly,  at any  time  for any  purpose,  without  the  prior


                                       2
<PAGE>

               written consent of EVEREST or to use for  Executive's  benefit or
               the  benefit of any person,  firm,  corporation  or other  entity
               (other than EVEREST), any Proprietary Information.  The foregoing
               covenant  shall not  apply to (i) any  information  that  becomes
               generally known or available to the public other than as a result
               of a breach of the agreements of the Executive  contained herein,
               (ii) any disclosure of  Proprietary  Information by the Executive
               that is expressly  required by judicial or administrative  order;
               provided  however  that the  Executive  shall have  notified  the
               Company as  promptly  as  possible  of the  existence,  terms and
               circumstances  of any notice,  subpoena or other process or order
               issued by a court or  administrative  authority  that may require
               her  to  disclose  any  Proprietary  Information  and  reasonably
               cooperate  with the Company at the  Company's  request and at the
               Company's  expense in taking legally available steps to resist or
               narrow  such  process  or order  and to  obtain an order or other
               reliable  assurance that confidential  treatment will be given to
               such  Proprietary   Information  as  required  to  be  disclosed.
               Executive has returned all Proprietary Information in Executive's
               possession or control to EVEREST.

     b.   COOPERATION,   NO  DETRIMENTAL  ACTIONS.   Executive  will  reasonably
          cooperate with EVEREST in enforcing or defending against legal claims,
          including   appearing   as  a  witness   for   EVEREST   in  court  or
          administrative  proceedings,  subject to reasonable  reimbursement for
          Executive's  expenses, it being understood that doing so is one of the
          obligations  undertaken  by Executive in  connection  with the Special
          Employment  Agreement.   Executive  will  not  take  actions  or  make
          disparaging  statements  which  are  detrimental  to  EVEREST  or  the
          RELEASEES, as defined in paragraph 5 below.

4.   STOCK OPTIONS. Executive acknowledges that Executive will no longer vest in
     any  unvested  EVEREST  stock  options  after  February 1, 2002.  Executive
     further  agrees that she forfeited all  remaining  restricted  shares as of
     February 1, 2002.  Executive  acknowledges that all stock options which are
     vested as of February 1, 2002 must be exercised no later than May 27, 2002.
     Failure by Executive to exercise  vested options before 5:00 p.m. that date
     will  result  in  such  unexercised  vested  options  being  forfeited  and
     cancelled.

5.   RELEASE.  In  consideration  of  EVEREST's  undertakings  to  Executive  as
     specified in paragraph 2 above,  Executive  grants EVEREST a RELEASE of all
     claims,  both known and unknown,  that  Executive  may have which relate to


                                       3
<PAGE>

     Executive's employment or the termination of Executive's Regular employment
     up to the  date  this  RELEASE  is  executed  by  Executive  (hereafter  an
     "EMPLOYMENT  CLAIM").  The  Executive  and EVEREST agree that an EMPLOYMENT
     CLAIM, specifically and without limitation, does not include claims:

     a.   for indemnification and defense as an employee,  officer,  director or
          corporate agent of EVEREST against claims by third parties;

     b.   for vested  benefits  including,  but not limited to, vested  benefits
          under the Everest  Reinsurance  Retirement  Plans,  including  but not
          limited to rights  under any  workers  compensation  program;  Section
          502(a) of the Employee  Retirement Income Security Act, as amended, 29
          U.S.C.ss.1001  et seq.,  and under  the  Consolidated  Omnibus  Budget
          Reconciliation Act of 1985 ("COBRA");

     c.   For workers  compensation  benefits,  provided however that any monies
          that Executive receives under a workers  compensation award will serve
          as an offset to the total  compensation  to be paid under the  Special
          Employment Agreement.

     d.   arising out of enforcement of this Agreement by Executive; or

     e.   constituting  cross-claims  against  EVEREST  as a  result  of  claims
          brought by  unaffiliated  third  parties  against  Executive  based on
          Executive's service as a regular employee of EVEREST.

     The statutes which could form the basis for an  EMPLOYMENT  CLAIM  include,
     but are  not  limited  to,  Title  VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964,  as
     amended, 42 U.S.C.ss. 1971 et seq.;  the Age  Discrimination  in Employment
     Act of  1967,  as  amended,  29 U.S.C.ss.  621 et seq.;  Section 510 of the
     Employee Retirement  Income Security Act of 1974, as amended,  29 U.S.C.ss.
     1001 et seq.; the Americans With Disabilities Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C.ss.
     12101 et seq.; the Older Workers Benefit  Protection  Act,  as amended,  29
     U.S.C. ss. 621  et  seq.;  the  Civil  Rights  Act of  1866, as amended, 42
     U.S.C.ss. 1981 et seq.;  the New  Jersey  Law  Against  Discrimination,  as
     amended, N.J.S.A.  10:5-1 et  seq.; the  New Jersey Conscientious  Employee
     Protection Act, as  amended,  N.J.S.A. 34:19-1 et  seq.; and the New Jersey
     Family Leave Act, N.J.S.A. 34:11B-1 et seq.. The common law (non-statutory)
     theories under which an EMPLOYMENT CLAIM could be made include, but are not
     limited to, breach of an express employment contract,  breach of a contract
     implied from a personnel handbook or manual, or commission of a civil wrong
     (known  as  a  "tort") resulting in Executive's termination, or for alleged


                                       4
<PAGE>

     violation of the public policy of the United States or any state.  Granting
     a RELEASE of any EMPLOYMENT CLAIM pursuant to this AGREEMENT  means that on
     behalf  of  Executive  and  all  who  succeed  to  Executive's  rights  and
     responsibilities,  Executive  releases and gives up any and all  EMPLOYMENT
     CLAIMS  that   Executive  may  have  against   EVEREST,   and  any  of  its
     subsidiaries,  benefit  plans,  affiliates or  divisions,  and all of their
     directors, officers, representatives,  shareholders, agents, employees, and
     all who succeed to their rights and responsibilities (collectively referred
     to as "RELEASEES").  With respect to any charges filed concerning events or
     actions relating to an EMPLOYMENT CLAIM that occurred on or before the date
     of this AGREEMENT or Executive's  regular  Termination  Date  (whichever is
     later),  Executive waives and releases any right that Executive may have to
     recover  in  any  lawsuit  or  proceeding  brought  by  Executive  or by an
     administrative agency on Executive's behalf against the RELEASEES.

6.   REVIEW PERIOD.  Executive acknowledges that she has up to 21 days to review
     this AGREEMENT,  and she is hereby advised to review it with an attorney of
     her choice.  Executive also  acknowledges that she was further advised that
     she has seven days after she signs this AGREEMENT to revoke it by notifying
     EVEREST in writing,  of such  revocation as set forth under Notices  below.
     Executive  agrees that if she signs this AGREEMENT  before  twenty-one days
     have expired,  it was a voluntary  decision to do so, on the basis that she
     did not need any additional  time to decide whether to sign this AGREEMENT.
     This AGREEMENT shall become effective on the eighth (8th) day following its
     execution by Executive (the "EFFECTIVE DATE"), unless revoked in accordance
     with this paragraph.  Executive agrees that by entering this AGREEMENT, she
     will be knowingly and voluntarily relinquishing certain rights and benefits
     that are otherwise available to other employees of the Company who have not
     entered into employment agreements with EVEREST.

7.   REVOCATION OF AUTHORITY TO BIND EVEREST.  Executive agrees and acknowledges
     that as of the Regular  Termination Date,  Executive no longer is empowered
     to bind  EVEREST in any  agreement,  whether  verbal or  written,  and that
     Executive shall have no authority to execute any documents,  deeds, leases,
     or other contracts on behalf of EVEREST, notwithstanding Executive's status
     under the Special Employment  Agreement.  To the extent not effected by the
     termination of Executive's regular  employment,  Executive resigns from all
     officer and director positions with any Everest Re Group company.

8.   SUCCESSORS  AND  ASSIGNS.  All  rights  and  duties of  EVEREST  under this


                                       5
<PAGE>

     Agreement  shall be binding on and inure to the  benefit  of  EVEREST,  its
     successors and assigns.  All rights of Executive hereunder shall be binding
     upon and inure to the benefit of  Executive  and her heirs,  beneficiaries,
     representatives, administrators and executors.

9.   NOTICES. All notices,  requests, demands and other communications hereunder
     shall be in  writing  and  shall  be  deemed  to have  been  duly  given if
     delivered  personally  with receipt  acknowledged  or sent by registered or
     certified mail, postage prepaid or by reputable national overnight delivery
     service,  to the addresses shown below,  unless changed by notices given as
     herein  provided,  except  that  notice of change of address  only shall be
     effective upon actual receipt:

           If to Everest, to:      Everest Global Services, Inc.
                                   477 Martinsville Road
                                   P.O. Box 830
                                   Liberty Corner, New Jersey 07938
                                   908-604-3535 (tele)
                                   908-604-3571 (fax)
                                   Attention: Barry Smith, Senior Vice President

              With a copy to:      Collier, Jacob & Mills, P.C.
                                   580 Howard Avenue
                                   Somerset, New Jersey 08873
                                   Attention: Christopher H. Mills, Esq.
                                   732-560-7100 (tele)
                                   732-560-0788 (fax)

     If to the Executive, to:      Janet J. Burak
                                   *** ****** Drive
                                   ***** *****, New Jersey 07009
                                   ***-***-3145 (tele)
                                   ***-***-5133 (fax)

10.  CONFIDENTIALITY.  Executive  agrees  to keep the  terms  of this  AGREEMENT
     confidential.  Executive will not, at any time, talk about,  write about or
     otherwise  publicize  this  AGREEMENT,  or its  negotiation,  execution  or
     implementation,  except  with  (1)  the  attorney  who is  advising  her in
     connection with it; (2) financial or tax  consultants or advisors;  and (3)
     her  immediate  family,  provided  that  all  such  persons  with  whom she
     discusses this AGREEMENT  promise in advance to keep the  information  that
     may be  revealed  to them  confidential  and not to  disclose it to others.


                                       6
<PAGE>

     Provided,  however,  that if  disclosure  of the existence or terms of this
     AGREEMENT is specifically required by law, Executive shall notify EVEREST's
     general counsel,  in writing, of any such required disclosure not less than
     10 days (or such shorter period if the time set for disclosure is less than
     10 days) prior to the time set for  disclosure,  in order to allow  EVEREST
     sufficient  time to  move  to  quash.  Notwithstanding  anything  contained
     hereunto the contrary, Executive is permitted to disclose the existence and
     terms  of  this  Agreement  as  reasonably   necessary  or  appropriate  in
     connection with her expert witness, consultant, counsel, arbitrator, umpire
     and/or mediator career.

11.  ARBITRATION.  EVEREST  and  Executive  expressly  agree  that  any  and all
     disputes,  controversies  or  claims  arising  out of  this  AGREEMENT,  or
     concerning its meaning, application or enforceability,  shall be determined
     exclusively by final and binding  arbitration before a single arbitrator in
     Somerset  County,  New  Jersey,  under  the  Model  Employment  Arbitration
     Procedures of the American Arbitration Association,  and that judgment upon
     the  award  rendered  by the  Arbitrator  may be  entered  in any  court of
     competent  jurisdiction.  Each party shall share equally the fees and costs
     of the Arbitrator.  Each party shall pay for its or her attorneys' fees and
     costs including,  without limitation, costs of any experts. However, if any
     party prevails on a statutory claim which entitles the prevailing  party to
     a reasonable  attorneys'  fee (with or without  expert fees) as part of the
     costs,  the  Arbitrator may award  reasonable  fees (with or without expert
     fees)  to the  prevailing  party  in  accordance  with  such  statute.  Any
     controversy over whether a dispute is an arbitrable  dispute,  or as to the
     interpretation  or  enforceability  of this  paragraph with respect to such
     arbitration, shall be determined by the Arbitrator.

12.  RETURN OF PROPERTY. Executive represents she is not in possession of any of
     the Company's property or business records.

13.  APPLICABLE LAW. This AGREEMENT shall be deemed to have been made within the
     State of New Jersey, and it shall be interpreted,  construed,  and enforced
     in  accordance  with the law of the State of New  Jersey,  and  before  the
     Courts of the State of New Jersey.

14.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT;  AMENDMENTS,  MODIFICATIONS,  WAIVERS. This AGREEMENT and
     the  incorporated  Special  Employment  Agreement  contain the sole and the
     entire agreement  between  Executive and EVEREST,  and completely and fully
     supersede and replace any and all prior contracts, agreements, discussions,
     representations,  negotiations, understandings and any other communications
     between the parties  pertaining  to the subject  matter  hereof.  Executive


                                       7
<PAGE>

     represents and acknowledges that, in executing this AGREEMENT,  she has not
     relied upon any representation or statement made by EVEREST, or its counsel
     or  representatives,  with regard to the subject matter of this  AGREEMENT,
     that is not set forth in this  AGREEMENT.  No other  promises or agreements
     shall be binding  unless in  writing,  signed by the  parties  hereto,  and
     expressly  stated  to  represent  an  amendment  to  this  AGREEMENT.  This
     AGREEMENT cannot be amended or modified except by a written document signed
     by both EVEREST and  Executive,  and no provision can be waived except by a
     written document signed by the waiving party.

15.  By signing this AGREEMENT, Executive acknowledges:

     1.   EXECUTIVE HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT COMPLETELY.

     2.   EXECUTIVE  HAS  HAD AN  OPPORTUNITY  TO  CONSIDER  THE  TERMS  OF THIS
          AGREEMENT.

     3.   EXECUTIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF  EXECUTIVE'S
          CHOOSING PRIOR TO EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT.

     4.   EXECUTIVE KNOWS THAT EXECUTIVE MAY BE GIVING UP IMPORTANT LEGAL RIGHTS
          BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT.

     5.   EXECUTIVE  UNDERSTANDS AND MEANS EVERYTHING THAT EXECUTIVE HAS SAID IN
          THIS AGREEMENT, AND EXECUTIVE AGREES TO ALL ITS TERMS.

     6.   EXECUTIVE IS NOT RELYING ON EVEREST OR ANY  REPRESENTATIVE  OF EVEREST
          TO EXPLAIN THIS AGREEMENT AND RELEASE TO EXECUTIVE.  EXECUTIVE HAS HAD
          AN OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT AN ATTORNEY OR OTHER ADVISOR TO EXPLAIN THIS
          AGREEMENT AND ITS  CONSEQUENCES TO EXECUTIVE  BEFORE  EXECUTIVE SIGNED
          IT, AND EXECUTIVE HAS AVAILED HERSELF OF THIS  OPPORTUNITY TO WHATEVER
          EXTENT EXECUTIVE DESIRED.

     7.   EXECUTIVE  HAS SIGNED  THIS  AGREEMENT  VOLUNTARILY  AND  ENTIRELY  OF
          EXECUTIVE'S  OWN FREE WILL,  WITHOUT ANY PRESSURE  FROM EVEREST OR ANY
          REPRESENTATIVE OF EVEREST, OR ANYONE ELSE.


                                       8
<PAGE>


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound hereby, this Agreement has
been executed as of the 22nd day of March, 2002.



                                                   EVEREST GLOBAL SERVICES, INC.
                                                   ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ALL
                                                   AFFILIATED EVEREST COMPANIES


                                                   By:  /s/  THOMAS J. GALLAGHER
                                                       -------------------------





/s/  JANET J. BURAK
-------------------
Janet J. Burak

***-**-****
-----------
(Social Security Number)



                                       9
<PAGE>




                                                                       Exhibit A
                                                                       ---------

                           GENERAL RELEASE AND WAIVER

I  understand  that my active  employment  with  Everest  Global  Services,  Inc
("Everest  Global  Services")  will terminate on November 30, 2005. I understand
that in  consideration  for my agreement to the following  terms of this General
Release  and Waiver,  I will  receive the special  bonus  payment  described  in
Section 4(c) of the Special Employment Agreement dated as of March ___, 2002.

          1.   I understand  and agree that I will not receive the special bonus
               payment  specified in the Special  Employment  Agreement unless I
               execute this General Release and Waiver.

          2.   I knowingly and voluntarily release and forever discharge Everest
               Global  Services  and  all of its  affiliates,  subsidiaries  and
               employees   and  their   officers  and   directors   (hereinafter
               "Everest") from any and all claims known and unknown, which I, my
               heirs, executors,  administrators and assigns may have including,
               but not limited  to, any claim that  arises out of my  employment
               with or the  termination  of my employment  with Everest;  or any
               allegation,  claim or  violation  arising  under Title VII of the
               Civil  Rights Act of 1964,  as amended;  The Civil  Rights Act of
               1991;  the Age  Discrimination  in  Employment  Act of  1967;  as
               amended; the Older Workers Benefits Protection Act; The Equal Pay
               Act of 1963, as amended;  the Americans with  Disabilities Act of
               1990;  the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; the Civil Rights
               Act of 1866, as amended;  the Worker  Adjustment  Retraining  and
               Notification Act; the Employee  Retirement Income Security Act of
               1974; any applicable  Executive  Order  Programs;  the Fair Labor
               Standards  Act,  or their  state or local  counterparts;  the New
               Jersey Law Against  Discrimination;  the  Conscientious  Employee
               Protection  Act; and any other  federal,  state or local civil or
               human  rights  law or any  other  local,  state or  federal  law,
               regulation or ordinance;  or under any public policy, contract or
               tort,  or under  common law; for  wrongful  discharge;  breach of
               contract,  infliction  of  emotional  distress;   defamation;  or
               arising under any  policies,  practices or procedures of Everest;
               or any  claim  for  costs,  fees  or  other  expenses,  including
               attorneys fees, incurred in these matters.

          3.   I agree that this  General  Release  and Waiver does not waive or
               release  any  rights  or  claims  that I may have  under  the Age
               Discrimination  in  Employment  Act of 1967 which arise after the
               date I execute this General Release and Waiver.


<PAGE>

          4.   I agree not to file any  charge or  complaint  on my own  behalf,
               based upon claims arising from, or attributable in any way to, my
               employment with or separation  from Everest,  before any federal,
               state or local court, or administrative agency, or to participate
               in any such  charge or  complaint  which may be made by any other
               person or  organization  on my behalf.  I also agree to  withdraw
               and/or dismiss any such pending charges or complaints.

          5.   I acknowledge  that I have been advised I have fourteen (14) days
               to consider  this General  Release and Waiver,  and I acknowledge
               that  Everest  has  advised  me in  writing  to  consult  with an
               attorney  regarding the legal consequences of the General Release
               and  Waiver.  I have had an  opportunity  to discuss the terms of
               this General Release and Waiver with an attorney and I understand
               the legal consequences of the General Release and Waiver.

          6.   I agree that  neither this  General  Release and Waiver,  nor the
               furnishing  of the  consideration  for this  General  Release and
               Waiver,  shall  be  deemed  or  construed  at any  time  to be an
               admission by either Everest or myself of any improper or unlawful
               conduct.

          7.   I agree  that if I violate  this  General  Release  and Waiver by
               suing Everest or those  associated  with Everest,  I will pay all
               costs and  expenses of  defending  against  the suit  incurred by
               Everest or those  associated with Everest,  including  reasonable
               attorneys' fees.

          8.   I agree that this General Release and Waiver is confidential  and
               agree not to disclose any information regarding the terms of this
               General  Release  and Waiver,  except to an attorney  with whom I
               choose to consult regarding this General Release and Waiver or as
               required by law.


<PAGE>




          BY SIGNING THIS GENERAL RELEASE AND WAIVER, I STATE THAT:

          A.   I HAVE READ IT.

          B.   I UNDERSTAND  IT AND KNOW THAT I AM GIVING UP  IMPORTANT  RIGHTS,
               INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, RIGHTS UNDER THE AGE DISCRIMINATION
               IN  EMPLOYMENT  ACT OF 1967,  AS AMENDED,  TITLE VII OF THE CIVIL
               RIGHTS ACT OF 1964,  AS AMENDED,  THE EQUAL PAY ACT OF 1963,  AND
               THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990.

          C.   I AGREE WITH EVERYTHING IN IT.

          D.   I HAVE BEEN ADVISED TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY BEFORE  EXECUTING
               IT.

          E.   I HAVE BEEN GIVEN WHAT I CONSIDER A SUFFICIENT  PERIOD OF TIME TO
               REVIEW AND  CONSIDER  THIS  GENERAL  RELEASE  AND  WAIVER  BEFORE
               SIGNING IT.

          F.   I HAVE  SIGNED THIS  GENERAL  RELEASE  AND WAIVER  KNOWINGLY  AND
               VOLUNTARILY.

          G.   I AGREE THAT THE  PROVISIONS  OF THIS GENERAL  RELEASE AND WAIVER
               MAY NOT BE AMENDED,  WAIVED,  CHANGED,  OR MODIFIED  EXCEPT BY AN
               INSTRUMENT IN WRITING SIGNED BY AN AUTHORIZED  REPRESENTATIVE  OF
               EVEREST.



 DATE
     --------------------                     ----------------------------------
                                                                       SIGNATURE


                                              ----------------------------------
                                                                      PRINT NAME




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
