<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.29
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>doc12.txt
<TEXT>
 Exhibit 10.29

CONSULTING  AGREEMENT  with  an  effective  date  of  May  31,  2002


BETWEEN:     GORAN CAPITAL INC., a body politic and corporate duly incorporated,
having  its head office in Toronto Canada and  GRANITE REINSURANCE COMPANY LTD.,
a  body  politic  and corporate duly incorporated, having its office at Bishop's
Court  Hill,  P.O.  Box  111,  St.  Michael,  Barbados, West Indies (hereinafter
referred  to  as  the  "Companies")

AND:     AGS  CAPITAL LTD., a body politic and corporate duly incorporated, with
offices  at  20 Eagle Road, Toronto Ontario M82 4HS, (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Consultant")

     WHEREAS  the  Companies actively engaged internationally in the business of
insurance  and  reinsurance;

     WHEREAS  the  Consultant, through its President, has expertise in the field
of  insurance  and  reinsurance  and is desirous of entering into this Agreement
with  respect  to  providing  international consulting services on demand to the
Companies  as  outlined  in Appendix A and additional appendix as maybe attached
hereto  in  writing;

     WHEREAS  the  Companies  wishes  to  engage  the  services  offered  by the
Consultant  and  the Consultant is willing to enter into an agreement to provide
services  on  the  terms  and  conditions  described  herein:

NOW,  THEREFORE,  BE  IT  AGREED  AS  FOLLOWS:

1.     PREAMBLE
The  whereas  clauses  mentioned  above  shall  form  an  integral  part of this
Agreement  as  it  fully-recited  at  length  herein.

2.     ENGAGEMENT
2.1     The  Companies  hereby  retains  the  services of the Consultant and the
Consultant  hereby  accepts  such  engagement.
2.2     During  the  term  of  this Agreement, the Consultant shall, at its sole
costs,  make  available  to  the  Companies  and provide upon its request a duly
qualified representative for purposes of fulfilling the Consultant's obligations
under  this  Agreement.

3.     TERM
     (A)  This is an annual renewable contract, unless notice is given by either
party  at  least  90  days before June 1st of any year.  The contract shall then
expire  on  the  1st  of June following notice.  At any time prior to the 90-day
notice  period,  the Company, at it's option, may choose to extend this contract
for  an  additional  one-year  term.
(B)  Change  of  control,  should  Gordon Symons and or Douglas Symons no longer
control  the  appointment  of  board  members  of  Goran,  and in order to cause
continuity  of  these very important projects, this contract shall automatically
extend  for  a  further  two  year  term,  from  the  date  of the last renewal.

4.     NATURE  OF  CONSULTING  SERVICES
4.1     The  Consultant  agrees  to provide consulting services on behalf of the
Companies  as  and  when  requested  by  the  Companies  during the term of this
Agreement  and,  without  limiting the generality of such services, to furnish a
representative  to  oversee  and  supervise  the business activities outlined in
Appendix  A.  The  essence  of  this  contract  is to utilize the experience and
knowledge  of  Alan  G.  Symons,  his  previous  duties  with  the Companies and
personnel.  Alan  G.  Symons  shall be assigned as the consultant performing the
services  to  the  Companies,  however, it is understood and agreed that certain
work  may  be  performed by others under the control of AGS Capital Ltd.  At all
times,  Alan  G. Symons shall effect direct supervision over the work performed.
Any  substitution of Alan G. Symons to perform the services being contracted for
under  this  agreement without the written consent of the Companies shall render
the  contract  null  and  void.

4.2     The  Consultant  and its representative warrant to perform such services
as  requested  to  the  best of its talents, efforts and abilities in accordance
with  standard  business  practices.

4.3     This  agreement  may  not  be  assigned  by  either  party.

5.     COMPENSATION
The  Companies  shall compensate the Consultant for services rendered under this
Agreement at an annual rate of FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND dollars (U.S.) ($500,000.00
U.S.), payable in equal monthly installments, in arrears, and in each successive
calendar  year of the term, the annual rate shall be increased by the greater of
(1)  2.5%  or  (2)  the  U.S. consumer price index for the immediately preceding
calendar year.  The Companies shall not be responsible to the Consultant for any
ordinary  operating  expenses  of the Consultant such as general administrative,
rent,  staff,  overhead,  etc.

5.     INSURANCE
     The Companies will continue to provide for the Consultant and one assistant
to  participate  in the life, medical and dental plans of its subsidiary, Symons
International  Group,  Inc.  ("SIG").

7.     REIMBURSEMENT  FOR  OUT-OF-POCKET  EXPENSES
The  parties  recognize that in the course of performing its services hereunder,
the  Consultant  may  incur  out-of-pocket  expenses.  The  Consultant agrees to
submit, at designated intervals to be determined by the parties hereto, invoices
with  original  vouchers  attached  thereto,  to  the Companies.  The Consultant
agrees  that the said expenses shall be reasonable and necessary, in the opinion
of  the  Companies,  as  well  as  be  incurred in the direct performance of its
services  hereunder, failing which they may not be reimbursed to the Consultant.

8.     BONUS
     In  addition  to  the  forgoing, the Companies will pay a bonus immediately
upon  completion  of certain projects and the financial benefit to the Companies
has  been  received  as  outlined  in  the  attached  or future appendix to this
agreement.

9.     INDEPENDENT  CONSULTANT
9.1     It  is  understood that the Consultant is retained by the Companies only
for  the purposes set forth herein and its relation to the Companies shall be of
an  independent  Consultant.

9.2     The  Consultant  agrees  that  it  shall  not  be  considered  under the
provisions  of  this  Agreement  or  otherwise  as  having  a  joint  venture or
partnership  status  with  the Companies or being entitled to participate in any
plans,  arrangements,  benefits,  or  distributions  of  the  Companies.

9.3     Notwithstanding  items  9.1 and 9.2, the consultant is engaged to render
services  in  accordance  with the terms of this agreement in an expeditious and
professional  manner  and  to keep the Companies fully informed of the status of
the  matters  entrusted  to  them  for  their  assistance  on  a  monthly basis.

10.     CONFIDENTIALITY
As  an  essential  condition  of  the Agreement, the Consultant warrants that it
shall  not, at any time, either during the term of this Agreement or thereafter,
divulge  to any competitor person, or competitor corporation, any information or
documentation  received  by  it during the course of its engagement and all such
information  shall  be kept strictly confidential and shall not in any manner be
revealed  to competitor person or competitor corporation.  At the termination of
this Agreement, the Consultant agrees if requested of same to return and give to
the  Companies  all  documentation  relating  to the Companies in its possession
and/or  control.

11.     TERMINATION
The  Companies  shall  have the right to terminate the services hereunder of the
Consultant "for cause" at any time which shall be defined and limited to acts of
dishonesty,  fraud  or  gross negligence of the Consultant or its representative
committed  from  and  after  the  effective  date  of  this  agreement.

12.     INTEREST  ON  MONIES  DUE
     Any  balance  due  either  party  past  due greater than 30 days shall bear
interest  at  1%  per  month  or  part  thereof  until  fully  paid.

13.     NOTICE
All  notices  called for or contemplated hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be sent by certified or registered mail or by courier to the addresses mentioned
in  the  heading  of  this  Agreement.  All  notices  will  be deemed given when
received  if  delivered  by  courier, and if sent by mail then five (5) business
days  after mailing.  Either party may change their address by written notice to
the  other  party.

14.     SET  OFF
There  shall be no right of set off against the base compensation included under
Section  5,  but  up  to  50%  of  any  additional  compensation  such  as  that
contemplated  under  Section  8  can  be at the Company's option set off against
balances  due  the  Companies.

15.     ENTIRE  AGREEMENT
This  Agreement  constitutes  the  entire understanding between the parties with
respect  to  the  subject  matter hereof, superseding all negotiations, previous
agreements, verbal or written, and no variation hereof shall be of any force and
effect  unless  reduced  to  writing  and  signed  by  the  parties  hereto.

WHEREOF,  THE  PARTIES  HAVE  SIGNED  HEREIN  BELOW:

GRANITE  REINSURANCE  COMPANY  LTD.     AGS  CAPITAL  LTD.

PER:  /S/  G.  GORDON  SYMONS     PER:   /S/  ALAN  G.  SYMONS
      -----------------------            ---------------------

DATE:  MAY  31,  2002     DATE:  MAY  31,  2002
       --------------            --------------


GORAN  CAPITAL,  INC.

PER:  /S/  DOUGLAS  H.  SYMONS
      ------------------------

DATE:  MAY  31,  2002
       --------------


WITNESS:     WITNESS:

___________________________________     ___________________________



<PAGE>
                                   APPENDIX A


     The  consultant  is  hereby engaged for the following projects on behalf of
the  Companies.  The  consultant shall not represent the Company with respect to
any  other  matters  other  than  the  following  without prior written consent.

(A)     The  Consultant  shall:  Assist  the management of IGF Insurance Company
with  respect to the run-off of its crop insurance operations and the collection
of  debts  and  obligations  due  to  IGF.

(B)     Manage  the  litigation  known as AgPi.  Should the litigation result in
IGF  or  other  affiliates  to  IGF  including but not limited to Granite Re and
Goran,  being awarded compensation of a calculated value, the Consultant will be
entitled  to  10%  on  the  net  proceeds  over  $1  million  (U.S.)

(C)     Manage  the  litigation  between  Toronto  Dominion  Bank  and  Granite
Insurance Company.  Should the litigation result in compensation of a calculated
value, the Consultant will be entitled to a bonus of 10% on net proceeds over $1
million  (CAN).

(D)     At the request of the Company, the Consultant shall work with designated
representatives  of  the  Companies  to acquire or restructure outstanding trust
preferred  securities  due  2027 and shall not assist directly or indirectly any
other  person  or  entity  other  than the Companies with respect to all matters
associated with the purchase or restructuring of the trust preferred securities.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
