<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>koq630x10-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO KO EXECUTIVE MEDICAL PLAN, DATED 4-15-03
<TEXT>
                                                                 EXHIBIT 10.1

                             AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE TO
                         THE EXECUTIVE MEDICAL PLAN OF
                             THE COCA-COLA COMPANY

     THIS AMENDMENT to the Executive Medical Plan of The Coca-Cola Company (the
"Plan") is adopted by the Plan Administrator.

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, Section 10 of the Plan provides that the Plan Administrator may
amend the Plan at any time; and

     WHEREAS, the Plan Administrator wishes to amend the Plan to address the use
and disclosure of protected health information.

     NOW, THEREFORE, the Plan Administrator hereby amends the Plan as follows:

     Effective April 14, 2003, the following new Section 12 shall be added:


     12.  PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION

     12.1 USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION.

     The Plan will use and disclose protected health information (PHI) for
purposes related to the treatment through, payment for, and operation of health
care functions. The Plan will disclose PHI to the Company only after receipt of
proper confirmation from the Company that the Plan document has been amended to
incorporate the following provisions and/or conditions relating to the use and
disclosure of PHI.

     (a) Payment for health care functions includes those activities undertaken
     by or performed on behalf of the Plan to obtain premiums or to determine or
     fulfill its responsibility for coverage and provision of benefits under the
     Plan with respect to an individual to whom health care services are
     provided. Activities that constitute payment activities include, but are
     not limited to, the following activities:

     1.   Determination of eligibility or coverage (including the determination
          of cost sharing amounts);
     2.   Coordination of benefits;
     3.   Adjudication or subrogation of health benefit claims;
     4.   Risk adjusting amounts due based upon enrollee health status and
          demographic characteristics;
     5.   Billing, claims management, collection activities, obtaining payment
          under a contract for reinsurance (including stop-loss insurance and
          excess of loss insurance), and related health care data processing;

<PAGE>

     6.   Review of health care services with respect to medical necessity,
          coverage under a health plan, appropriateness of care, or
          justification of charges;
     7.   Utilization review activities, including precertification and
          preauthorization of services, concurrent and retrospective review of
          services; and
     8.   Disclosure to consumer reporting agencies of any of the following
          health information relating to collection of premiums or
          reimbursement:

          (i)   Name and address;
          (ii)  Date of birth;
          (iii) Social Security Number;
          (iv)  Payment history;
          (v)   Account number; and
          (vi)  Name and address of the health care provider and/or health plan.

     (b) Health Care Operations include, but are not limited to, the following
     activities:

     1.   Conducting quality assessment and improvement activities, including
          outcomes evaluation and development of clinical guidelines (provided
          that the obtainment of generalizable knowledge is not the primary
          purpose of any studies resulting from such activities);
     2.   Population-based activities relating to the improving health or
          reducing health care costs, protocol development, case management and
          care coordination, and contacting of health care providers and
          patients with information about treatment alternatives (and related
          functions that do not include treatment);
     3.   Reviewing the competence or qualifications of health care
          professionals, evaluating practitioner and provider performance,
          health plan performance, conducting training programs for students,
          trainees, or practitioners in areas of health care, and training of
          non-health care professionals;
     4.   Accreditation, certification, licensing, or credentialing activities;
     5.   Underwriting, premium rating, and other activities relating to the
          creation, renewal or replacement of a contract of health insurance or
          health benefits, and ceding, securing, or placing a contract for
          reinsurance of risk relating to claims for health care (including
          stop-loss insurance and excess of loss insurance);
     6.   Conducting or arranging for medical review, legal services, and
          auditing functions (including fraud and abuse detection and compliance
          programs);
     7.   Business planning and development, such as conducting cost-management
          and planning-related analyses related to managing and operating the
          Plan, including formulary development and administration, development
          or improvement of methods of payment or coverage policies;

<PAGE>

     8.   Business management and general administrative activities of the Plan,
          including (but not limited to):

          (i)  Management activities relating to implementation of and
               compliance with the requirements of HIPAA's administrative
               simplification regulations;
          (ii) Customer service, including the provision of data analyses for
               policy holders or other customers (provided that protected health
               information is not disclosed to such policy holder or customer);
          (iii) Resolution of internal grievances;
          (iv) Due diligence in connection with the sale or transfer of assets
               to a potential successor in interest (if the potential successor
               in interest is a covered entity under HIPAA or will become a
               covered entity following the sale or transfer); and
          (v)  Creating de-identified health information, fundraising for the
               benefit of the covered entity, and marketing for which an
               individual authorization is not required.

     12.2 USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PHI AS REQUIRED BY LAW OR AS PERMITTED BY
AUTHORIZATION OF THE PARTICIPANT OR BENEFICIARY. With authorization, the Plan
will disclose PHI to the other plans sponsored by the Company for purposes
related to administration of these plans.

     12.3 CONDITIONS RELATING TO THE USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PHI BY THE COMPANY
THE COMPANY AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS RELATING TO THE USE AND DISCLOSURE
OF PHI:

     (a)  The Company will not use or further disclose PHI other than as
          permitted or required by the Plan document or required by law;
     (b)  The Company will ensure that any agents, including subcontractors, to
          whom it provides PHI received from the Plan agree to the same
          restrictions and conditions that apply to the Company with respect to
          such PHI;
     (c)  The Company will not use or disclose PHI for employment-related
          actions or decisions or in connection with any other benefit or
          employee benefit plan of the Company (unless authorized to do so by
          the individual);
     (d)  The Company will report to the Plan any use or disclosure of PHI that
          is inconsistent with the uses or disclosures provided for in the Plan
          document of which the Company becomes aware;
     (e)  The Company will make PHI available to the individual in accordance
          with the access requirements of HIPAA;
     (f)  The Company will make PHI available to the individual for amendment
          and incorporate any amendments to PHI in accordance the amendment
          requirements of HIPAA;
     (g)  The Company will make available such information as is required to
          provide an accounting of disclosures in accordance with the
          requirements of HIPAA;

<PAGE>

     (h)  The Company will make its internal practices, books, and records
          relating to the use and disclosure of PHI received from the Plan
          available to the Secretary of Health and Human Services for purposes
          of determining compliance by the Plan with the requirements of HIPAA;
     (i)  The Company will, if feasible, return or destroy all PHI received from
          the Plan that the Company still maintains in any form and retain no
          copies of such PHI when no longer needed for the purpose for which the
          disclosure was made. Where such return or destruction is not feasible,
          the Company will limit further uses or disclosures to those purposes
          that make the return or destruction of the PHI infeasible.

     12.4 ESTABLISHMENT AND MAINTENANCE OF ADEQUATE SEPARATION BETWEEN THE
COMPANY. In accordance with the requirements of HIPAA, only the following
employees/classes of employees will be given access to PHI to be disclosed:

        Barbara Gilbreath               Sharon Ray              Leah Thomason
        Jill Welch                      Angela Green            Cheryl Lee
        Inga Vaystikh Smith             Ann Kroboth             Sandy Lewis
        Lisa Bremmer                    Porcha Cook             Lisa Taylor

     The persons described above will only have access to and use PHI for
purposes of Plan administration functions that the Company performs for the
Plan.

     12.5 NONCOMPLIANCE BY PLAN ADMINISTRATIVE PERSONNEL: In the event that the
employee/ class of employees described in subsection 12.4 above fail to comply
with the terms of the Plan document, the Company shall provide an effective
mechanism for the resolution of any such noncompliance issues, to include
disciplinary measures.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Plan  Administrator  has adopted this Amendment on
the date shown below, but effective as of the dates indicated above.


                                        Plan Administrator

                                        By: /s/ Barbara S. Gilbreath
                                            ---------------------------------


                                        Date     4/15/03
                                            ---------------------------------














</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
